It's a wait-and-see attitude," said Dave Vellante, vice president of storage research for International Data Corp.	Others pointed out that at least four other disk-drive makers will have competitive one-inch drives early next year and that the industry already operates on very thin margins.	0
The NSC staff "doesn't have the horsepower that is required to have an effective interagency process.	that by design it has greatly diminished, both in a physical sense and in a procedural sense, the role of the NSC.	0
So far, Mr. Paul has unloaded but three of his masterpieces, he won't say to whom.	The comptroller's office says it is "monitoring the situation.	1
Instead of hiring one of the many active managers specializing in growth stocks, indexers can design a portfolio around the same stocks.	the portfolio will be maintained by computer, reducing both fees and, in theory, risk (because of the large number of stocks.	1
Sitting beside a banker at a luncheon in London he learned that a large packet of Bally's shares was up for sale.	Looking into Bally, he could hardly believe what he saw: a company with enormous real-estate holdings in major European cities and a market capitalization of 28 million Swiss francs; it had 7,000 employees.	1
Mr. Stoltzman must have worried that his audience might not be able to take it.	He warned us in advance that "New York Counterpoint" lasts 11 1/2 minutes.	0
Under the earlier plan, Norfolk was authorized in 1987 to buy up to 20 million shares.	It has purchased about 19 million of them.	1
that this isn't a game for anyone with a weak stomach or wallet.	It's a big-risk business.	0
A couple in fashionable spandex warm-up suits jogs by, headphones jauntily in place, weaving their way along a street of fractured and fallen houses.	At a nearby corner, they swerve perilously close to a listing apartment house, oblivious to any danger.	1
That's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash, when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled.	Market makers, to cut costs, slashed inventories of stocks they keep on hand to sell investors when other holders aren't selling.	1
He succeeds Alvin A. McCall in the position.	Mr. McCall will remain chairman.	1
Mr. Bartlett had slimmed Moliere's cast of characters to six and set them in the London media world of Thatcherite Britain.	Mr. Falls transfers the setting to Hollywood, and transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- agents, producers, actors, writers and sycophants.	1
Apogee Robotics Inc. said its board extended until Feb. 1 the exercise period of Apogee's existing stock purchase warrants outstanding.	The expiration date had been Nov. 3.	1
He also noticed that foreign makers were introducing many variations on the traditional fur, and he decided to follow suit.	By combining his strengths in innovation and quality control with the lower costs of production abroad, he says he has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost.	0
Another reason for the weakness, he said, may be that mortgage rates have hit a plateau since they began edging down after a peak in March.	In August, rates on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages started creeping up a bit, but they inched down again through September.	0
The rally brought the gain so far this week to about 114 points.	The dollar finished mixed, while gold declined.	1
In the director post, Mr. Brown, 38 years old, succeeds Joseph W. Hibben, who retired from the board in August.	C. Barr Schuler, 49, vice president and chief financial officer, was named senior vice president of corporate development and acquisitions, a new post.	1
On Oct. 14 of that year, the announcement of an unusually large August trade deficit helped trigger a steep market decline.	The slide continued until the record 508-point market drop on Oct. 19.	1
Indeed, a number of analysts said that Japanese paper companies are hungry to acquire additional manufacturing capacity anywhere in the world.	Some predicted that Nekoosa will end up being owned by a Japanese company.	0
The association between the two companies stretches back thirty years to a friendship between television producer Mark Goodson and Ingersoll founder Ralph Ingersoll.	The latter's son, Ralph Ingersoll Jr., took over the company.	0
Then cast-iron sewer pipe and the flush toilet were followed by sewage- and water-treatment plants toward the end of the 19th century.	Medicine in the 19th century was dedicated mostly to combating sepsis and diagnostic analysis.	1
Mr. Pilson's rivals at ABC and NBC grimaced at the price.	How could CBS get pushed into outbidding itself.	0
Seiko Epson Corp., a newcomer to the industry, fought off a legal challenge and started selling NEC clones last year..It has won about 15% of the retail PC market.	Sony Corp., which temporarily dropped out of the PC business three years ago, started selling its work station in 1987 and quickly became the leading Japanese company in that market.	0
When it opened in 1939, Shannon was the first landfall in Europe for thirsty airplanes flying from North America.	Advances in aircraft fuel efficiency over the years made a Shannon stop unnecessary for most Western air fleets.	1
The December contract opened just under Monday's close, triggered some previously placed buy orders just above $1,030 a metric ton, pushing the price to $1,040, and then encountered heavy selling by traders who buy and sell for their own accounts and by commercial interests.	The contract settled at $1,014 a ton, off $13.	1
Among the glitterati who turned out in bipartisan black-tie force to benefit the Coelho Epilepsy Fund last month were Sen. Robert Dole, Rep. Newt Gingrich, and other kingpins of Congress.	Dan Rather served as emcee.	1
The Conservative government's decision may reflect its desire to shed a politically sensitive issue well before the next election, expected in late 1991.	It's now a very good time politically to get this over and done with.	0
He made numerous trips to the U.S. in the early 1980s, but wasn't arrested until 1987 when he showed up as a guest of then-Vice President George Bush at a government function.	A federal judge in Manhattan threw out the indictment, finding that the seven-year delay violated the defendant's constitutional right to a speedy trial.	1
Deutsche Bank AG is now moving to become the first West German bank to set up independent business offices in Hungary and Poland.	A maxim of Frankfurt banking holds that wherever Deutsche Bank goes, other West German banks follow.	0
Ten of the plant's workers were injured when the quake hit about a half-hour into the afternoon shift.	seven were hospitalized.	1
Sony is acquiring Columbia and Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. in two separate transactions valued at more than $5 billion.	Warner Communications Inc., which is being acquired by Time Warner, has filed a $1 billion breach-of-contract suit against Sony and the two producers.	1
In Japan, government bond prices fell.	The No. 111 4.6% bond due 1998 ended on brokers' screens at 95.22, down 0.17 point, to yield 5.41%.	0
But yesterday, the company said this year's profit will be lower.	It didn't say by how much.	0
Net income rose to a record $155.3 million, or 83 cents a share, from $134.8 million, or 72 cents a share.	Revenue fell to $1.04 billion from $1.07 billion.	1
He will be in charge of research, equity sales and trading, and the syndicate operation of Rothschild.	Mr. Conlon was executive vice president and director of the equity division of the international division of Nikko Securities Co.	1
Kate's Ma (Louise Latham) is a moral coward.	Her sister-in-law (Amy Wright) is a sniveling prude afraid that Kate will seduce all the married men in town, including a particularly loathsome fellow named Tucker.	0
Power failures kept just seven of its 1,500 automated-teller machines off-line.	Securities-trading operations were moved to Bank of America's Concord office, and foreign-exchange trading operations were shifted to Los Angeles, the bank said.	1
In the year ended March 31, 57.4% of its total revenue came from office building management.	Its earnings can rise 10% to 12% annually simply from the natural turnover of tenants and automatic rent increases.	0
Under the proposal by Equitec, a financially troubled real-estate syndicator, New York-based Hallwood Group Inc. would replace Equitec as the newly formed master limited partnership's general partner and manager.	Shares of the new partnership would trade on an exchange like a stock.	1
Ms. Parks and her mother indicated they want to "catch him unawares from behind.	Mr. Alexander, for his part, insisted that the punchers can't assign their pummeling rights to anyone else, can't use a blunt instrument and can't take a running start.	0
At the State University of New York at Brooklyn, researchers flash two groups of different letters on a computer screen in front of human guinea pigs.	Between flashes, certain areas in subjects' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator.	1
The industry is overbuilt.	Fast-food franchisers have managed to squeeze in stores into every corner available.	0
Britain's House of Commons passed a law that will force English soccer fans to carry identity cards to enter stadiums.	The "anti-hooligan" law must be ratified by the House of Lords.	1
For example, insurers may seek to limit their future exposure to catastrophes by increasing the amount of reinsurance they buy.	Such increased demand for reinsurance, along with the losses the reinsurers will bear from these two disasters, are likely to spur increases in reinsurance prices that will later be translated into an overall price rise.	1
What triggered the latest clash was a skirmish over the timing of a New Zealand government bond issue.	Nomura was attempting to organize the 50 billion-yen ($352 million) borrowing in Japan at a time when many Japanese banks, led by Industrial Bank of Japan, were pressuring the Wellington government to help them recover loans made to a defunct investment bank that had been owned by New Zealand's civil-service pension fund..Unwilling to put up new money for New Zealand until those debts are repaid, most banks refused even to play administrative roles in the new financing, forcing an embarrassed Nomura to postpone it this week.	0
My language sure goes to pot down here on the coast.	The husky blond guide with the Aggie cap twists his face in mock fury.	1
they still consider the contract in effect and had no immediate plans to cancel it.	they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do.	0
Martin Schrager, 51, who had been president, was named vice chairman.	He remains chief executive officer.	1
This year, a commission appointed by the mayor to revise New York's system of government completed a new charter, expanding the City Council to 51 from 35 members.	Sometime in 1991, as soon as the 1990 census becomes available, a redistricting panel will redraw the City Council district lines.	1
People on fixed incomes get a break at Espre.	over 55 wins a 45% discount at Anaheim Imperial Health Spa.	0
By the end of 1973, the number of "underlying" Big Board stocks had been increased to 50 and the options exchange had run up volume of 1.1 million contracts.	A year later, it was 5.7 million.	0
What you'll hear as we get into December is that sales are sluggish.	The week ending the 24th is going to save the entire month for everyone.	0
Revenue rose 12% to $1.63 billion from $1.46 billion.	Systemwide sales, which include sales at franchisee as well as company-owned stores, totaled $4.59 billion compared with $4.2 billion.	1
The board could eventually come under some pressure to sell the company because its members can be ousted by a majority shareholder vote.	The labor-management buy-out group plans to keep its offer on the table in an apparent attempt to maintain its bargaining position with the board.	1
Timing is of the essence with RU-486.	It is most effective taken about a week after a woman misses her menstrual period up through the seventh week of pregnancy, when it is markedly less effective.	0
The Bakersfield Supermarket went out of business last May.	The reason was not high interest rates or labor costs.	0
In the case of Beatrice, Salomon Brothers Inc. is considering restructuring the reset mechanism on the $200 million portion of the offering.	Under the originally contemplated terms of the offering, the notes would have been reset annually at a fixed spread above Treasurys.	1
Westridge Capital's frenetic trading reflects the changes sweeping through the previously sleepy world of indexing.	Indexing for the most part has involved simply buying and then holding stocks in the correct mix to mirror a stock market barometer, such as Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, and match its performance.	1
Alexander Brody, 56, will take on the newly created position of president of the world-wide agency and chief executive of its international operations.	He had been president of the international operations.	1
During the Monday market rebound, a New York exchange spokesman told Cable News Network viewers that the industrial average had turned down 70 points.	Stunned, Mr. Breeden turned to his market-monitoring computer, which by then was next to his desk.	1
In fact, a very high-ranking Soviet official told an American official at a diplomatic dinner that no change in the policy was contemplated.	The day after that conversation at the residence of the U.S. ambassador, the Brezhnevite editor of Pravda, Victor Afnasjev, was replaced by a college classmate of Mr. Gorbachev's.	1
they, too, fared as well as could be expected.	Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory had only "superficial damage.	0
Eager engineers espouse direct-steelmaking and direct casting, which by the end of the 1990s will enable production without coke ovens and blast furnaces.	Those massive structures effectively locked out all but deep-pocketed giants from steelmaking.	1
Mr. Niciporuk sits.	Anatol Pawlowski's leg begins jiggling beneath his desk.	1
Separately, for the first nine months, Soo Line reported a loss of $398,000, or four cents a share, compared with net income of $12.5 million, or $1.32 a share, a year earlier.	Revenue fell 5.8% to $407.9 million from $433.2 million.	1
True, a succession of Fed chairmen has given color to the notion that the Secretary of the Treasury belongs on the Fed.	By their constant readiness to advise all and sundry about federal budgetary matters the chairmen have encouraged the belief that fiscal policy and monetary policy are ingredients of a common stew, in which case it is natural that the Fed and the Treasury, and probably also the Congress, should be jointly engaged in stirring the pot.	0
Stephen Novick, 49, was named executive vice president, deputy creative director at Grey Advertising, New York.	He was executive vice president, director of broadcast production.	1
As the tough, slinky lounge chanteuse in "The Fabulous Baker Boys," Ms. Pfeiffer sings for herself, and more than passably well.	Her Susie Diamond handles a song the way the greats do, like she's hearing the way it should sound inside her head and she's concentrating on matching that internal tone.	0
Mr. Shaffer takes primary responsibility for the electronic and technical-services group.	He had been group vice president of the electronic-publishing group.	1
Ford trucks may outsell Chevy trucks in places like "Connecticut and Long Island," sniffs a commercial for Chevrolet, a division of General Motors Corp.	The commercial adds derisively: "I bet it takes a real tough truck to haul your Ivy League buddies to the yacht club.	1
The direct-mail industry, not surprisingly, is fuming at the injustice of it all.	After all, this is the industry that has a hard enough time getting any respect, that is the butt of so many jokes that television's "L.A..Law" portrays direct-mail-mogul David as short, bald, intensely nerdy, and unremittingly boring.	0
Net for the nine months was $254 million, or $5.94 a share, up 56% from $163 million, or $4.06 a share, a year earlier.	Sales rose 50% to $2.1 billion from $1.4 billion.	1
It follows the same pattern as his tax returns.	He waits to talk about it until after he gets caught.	0
Both episodes wiped out Bank Bumiputra's shareholders' funds.	Each time, the bank's 90% shareholder -- Petroliam Nasional Bhd., or Petronas, the national oil company -- has been called upon to rescue the institution.	1
In August, representatives of Keidanren, Japan's largest business organization, visited Moscow to explore exports and investments that would help the Soviet economy.	Out of the blue, the Soviet Chamber of Commerce handed over details on 59 technologies that the Japanese might want to buy.	1
Betsy Engelken asked the same question earlier this year, when her husband was about to turn 50.	She had an idea.	1
Nine-month net fell 9.5% to $323.4 million, or $1.36 a share, from $357.2 million, or $1.32 a share, a year earlier.	Revenue dropped 5.4% to $3.48 billion from $3.68 billion.	1
The machinists also asked for an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission into possible securities-law violations in the original bid for UAL by Mr. Davis, as well as in the response by UAL.	Last week, just before the bank commitments were due, the union asked the U.S. Labor Department to study whether the bid violated legal standards of fairness governing employee investment funds.	1
that a metallurgical flaw in the disk led to a crack that ultimately caused the tail engine to break apart in flight.	The explosion sent shards of metal flying, severing the DC-10's hydraulic or control systems, and led to the crash that killed 112 people.	1
One floor trader noted in astonishment that nobody seemed to mind the news that British Airways isn't making a special effort to revive the UAL buy-out.	The announcement of the buy-out's troubles triggered the market's nose dive a week ago.	0
The GM move follows Tuesday's declaration by Ford, which holds an unwelcome 12.45% stake in Jaguar, that it is prepared to bid for the entire company.	GM is close to completing a friendly deal with Jaguar that is likely to involve an eventual 30% stake and joint manufacturing ventures.	1
but simply to assert that the Constitution already implicitly gives him the power to exercise a line-item veto.	Such an assertion most likely would bring about a court challenge from Congress that would clarify whether a president already has such power.	1
The statement was part of a Ford filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.	Ford didn't say how much it might offer for Jaguar, or when.	0
The effort to create the nation's largest employee-owned company began unraveling Oct. 13 when the labor-management group was unable to obtain financing for its $300-a-share, $6.79 billion offer.	Just last week it suffered another major setback when British Airways PLC, the largest equity investor in the labor-management bid, withdrew its support.	1
The only industry group to show a gain from the industrial average's record high on Oct. 9 is restaurants.	Among the three worst-performing groups, with declines of 10% to 20%, are airlines, casinos and securities brokers.	0
Import growth from the year-earlier months slowed to 16% in July and 7.1% in August, compared with an average growth rate of 26% in the first half.	In the first eight months of 1989, imports grew 21%, to $38.32 billion, down slightly from a growth rate of 23% a year earlier.	0
Now, we realize what our mothers must have gone through.	We always heard about the earthquake, but as children we didn't always listen.	1
The environment can no longer be a normal issue, to be dealt with on a business-as-usual basis with comfortable increments of change.	We have literally altered the chemistry and physics of our planet's atmosphere.	0
Big business," Mr. Pawlowski snorts in English.	The farmer stands to go.	1
the judge, now 59 years old, harassed his secretaries, made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him.	Bailiffs claimed they were required to chauffeur him to and from work, mow his lawn, chop his wood, fix his car and even drop by his house to feed his two grown mutts, Dixie and Husky.	0
The RTC has projected that it will require between $50 billion to $100 billion in temporary working capital.	The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold.	1
That way We didn't have to sell securities in a sloppy market.	When the market stabilized the firm sold the bonds.	1
But an early 80-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average stopped the crude rally cold.	The industrial average recovered to close only 3.69 points lower, but petroleum futures never shook off the chill.	1
You're not going to make it in a 5% bank account.	To get the necessary growth you need to go to the stock market.	0
Last year, Dentsu started HDM, a joint network with U.S. ad agency Young & Rubicam and Eurocom of France.	A few months ago, Dentsu acquired 69% of Australian agency Fortune Communication Holdings Ltd. for 5.9 million Australian dollars (US$4.6 million).	1
Since the value of its assets wasn't known, analysts were free to pick a number.	In one of many rosy scenarios, Bear Stearns's Gary Schneider wrote in March that its real estate alone had a value of $4.5 billion.	0
the quake damaged the offices of J. Walter Thompson, Chiat/Day/Mojo and DDB Needham, among others.	Staffers at Thompson, whose offices are in the ultramodern Embarcadero Center, watched pictures drop from the walls and then felt the skyscraper sway seven to eight feet, according to a spokeswoman.	0
he told Mr. Guber he couldn't sign any documents and that "the deal, although apparently a good one for him and Mr. Peters, would have a very negative impact on Warner.	he would contact Mr. Ross and Warner Brothers Chairman Robert Daly.	1
Curiously, he compares the Orange Workers to the ANC.	The ANC won't be stopped until there is a provision for black aspirations.	0
After being inspected, buildings with substantial damage were color-coded.	Green allowed residents to re-enter; yellow allowed limited access; red allowed residents one last entry to gather everything they could within 15 minutes.	0
Results for the 1988 quarter included a gain of $1.05 a share from sale of the Reda Pump and Oilwell Cable units, partly offset by a charge of 69 cents a share for recall of faulty truck steering systems.	The latest quarter included a gain of 11 cents a share as a partial reversal of the recall charge.	0
that the ads' implied smoking message is unmistakable.	This is clever, subliminal advertising that really says, `Smokers have rights, too.	0
I couldn't decide if I should come home to Marin, because my house is on stilts.	I decided to brave the storm.	1
The carrier also seemed eager to place blame on its American counterparts.	The {buy-out} consortium ceased to exist because our American partners were not capable of organizing the financing," a British Air spokesman said.	0
But a medical clinic with about 20 employees wrongly listed all of them -- including physicians and receptionists -- as independent contractors.	The IRS assessed the clinic $350,000 in back payroll taxes.	1
Mr. Peterson promised the bank purchase would be completed by the end of 1988 or the money returned.	Mr. Peterson took the plaintiffs' and other investors' money to a meeting of the bank's directors.	1
Agreement, disapproval, boredom and distraction all can be inferred from the subjects' twist of a dial.	In another experiment, an elaborate chart with color codes reveals how people's opinions were shaped -- and how they can be reshaped.	0
Mr. Bartlett managed to more or less maintain Moliere's Alexandrine verse form, 12 syllable lines in rhyming couplets.	Mr. Falls kept the form, but Americanized it with Mr. Bartlett's further help.	1
In this case, that's about $250,000.	It suddenly dawns on Mr. Hammack that rebuilding the house in Los Gatos may cost more than Aetna's policy will pay.	1
Maybe Americans are just so annoyed with government that they aren't interested in admitting that bureaucrats come in handy once in a while.	If he sponsored a contest on how a bureaucrat mishandled something, Mr. Lesko admits, "I'd get 5,000 entries.	0
According to the association's annual report, scheduled to be released today in Warsaw, IATA members haven't posted such a strong performance since the late 1970s.	Revenue last year increased by more than 11% over 1988, and net income nearly tripled from restated year-earlier net of $900 million.	0
Biotechnology issues were strong.	Amgen advanced 1 1/2 to 56; Chiron jumped 2 to 29 3/4; Cetus gained 1 to 16 7/8 and Biogen rose 5/8 to 14 5/8.	0
An increase in production at some major oil fields in the North Sea, which had been knocked out by an explosion in July 1988, also aided results.	The sale of a portion of refining and marketing operations to Saudi Arabia helped alleviate the decline in earnings from that business.	1
the plans give employees "a bonus in the form of charitable donations made from an employer's treasury" in exchange for the political donation.	The U.S. government could be, in effect, subsidizing political contributions to corporate PACs.	0
Compaq Computer nose-dived $8.625 a share, to $100, and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday.	Later yesterday the nation's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter.	1
But we'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else's.	I'm not sure cross-ownership would necessarily make things smoother.	0
In the belief that development of advanced military technology will remain a top Defense Department priority, ERC last year acquired W.J. Schafer Associates, a technical and scientific analysis company with contracts under the Strategic Defense Initiative.	While the SDI anti-missile program recently awarded W.J. Schafer two contracts totaling $13.4 million, ERC's chairman and founder, Jack Aalseth, says he bought the company "more for its technology than its customer.	0
As conferees noted, scarce capital means the costs of control must be minimized through a broad menu of compliance choices for individual firms.	That means simple, clear rules that secure the first large blocks of reduction, deferring more complex issues such as risk.	0
When such claims and litigation extend beyond the period, the syndicates can extend their accounting deadlines.	there are currently 115 open account years involving 68 of the market's roughly 360 syndicates.	0
it was leasing the site of the refinery from Aruba.	Exxon Corp. built the plant.	1
The agreement was announced by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias Friday, as President Bush and other leaders from the Western Hemisphere gathered in the Central American nation for a celebration of democracy.	Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. and other banks for three years, but the debt plan was rushed to completion in order to be announced at the meeting.	1
He withdrew the remark.	When he later sided with striking hospital workers, some allies cringed a little more, concerned that Mr. Dinkins was setting the wrong tone for coming contract negotiations with city employees.	1
Where does Mr. Lehman get off castigating Gen. George Marshall for muscling in on naval prerogatives.	Ever since the days of Alfred Thayer Mahan (U.S. naval officer and naval historian) and Teddy Roosevelt the Navy has been the service most favored by Washington officialdom.	0
Investors apparently didn't like the news from Rainbow Technologies either.	It said net income was 17 cents a share in the third quarter, compared with 16 cents a share a year earlier.	1
He had lost his official position in the association in he early 1980s because he questioned the intrusion of politics into literature.	Appointed editor in chief in July 1987, Mr. Ngoc rapidly turned the staid Van Nghe into Vietnam's hottest paper.	1
Jon Peters will come barreling into a room, say he's got a great idea, and be gone.	Peter will take the kernel of that idea and make it grow into something specific.	1
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 climbed to $551 million, or $1.66 a share, from $400 million, or $1.18 a share, a year earlier.	Per-share figures have been adjusted for a 2-for-1 stock split effective Oct. 20.	0
and Mr. Bush quickly signaled a veto.	Amid charges of "timidity" on Panama and elsewhere, the president wasn't about to offend his most energetic constituency.	0
Frank Carlucci III was named to this telecommunications company's board.	Mr. Carlucci, 59 years old, served as defense secretary in the Reagan administration.	1
About 140 Mayan, Aztec, Mixtec and Zapotec objects, including some of Mexico's best-known archaeological treasures, were taken.	The government offered a reward for the return of the antiquities, but routine police work led to the recovery.	1
There are many other strategies to bolster the returns of index funds.	They include:.LIMITED RISK FUNDS.	0
David H. Eisenberg, 53 years old, was named president and chief operating officer of Imasco's 500-store Peoples Drug Stores Inc. unit, based in Alexandria, Va.	Mr. Eisenberg was senior executive vice president and chief operating officer.	1
The opening show featured a secretary of defense designate accused of womanizing (a la John Tower).	When his secretary is found floating dead in the pol's pool, Mancuso is called in to investigate.	1
An assassin in Colombia killed a federal judge on a Medellin street.	An anonymous caller to a local radio station said cocaine traffickers had slain the magistrate in retaliation for the extraditions of Colombians wanted on drug charges in the U.S.	1
Edward Carlson awoke one morning last month to find eight holes in his front yard where his prized miniature palms, called cycads, once stood.	Days later, the thieves returned and dug out more, this time adding insult to injury.	1
Now Republican leaders are concentrating on attaching a capital-gains amendment to some other bill.	To help lay the groundwork for that fight, President Bush plans early next week to meet at the White House with some 20 Democratic senators who favor cutting the capital-gains tax or are undecided on the issue.	0
and is scheduled to vote on the impeachment tomorrow.	If the judge is impeached, as is thought likely, he will be removed from office immediately.	1
and "doesn't fool the public.	It doesn't look nice on the outside while getting mealy inside.	0
Litigation consulting isn't a guarantee of a favorable outcome.	that in one in 20 cases it was flatout wrong in its predictions.	0
The reason is simple.	When a country cuts tax rates, it makes itself more attractive to investors and drives up the value of its currency.	0
Throughout 1988 and this year, I and others in Congress have pressed the U.S. to develop a plan for pushing this "narcokleptocrat" out of Panama.	two administrations in a row have been unwilling and unable to develop any plan, military or economic, for supporting the Panamanian people in their attempts to restore democracy.	0
The merged agency's game plan to attract multinational packaged-goods advertisers may prove equally difficult.	When WCRS created Della Femina McNamee out of the merger of three smaller agency units in 1988, it said it did so in order to attract larger clients, especially packaged-goods companies.	1
Mr. Paul has been characterized as "the Great Gatsby or something.	The media have distorted his personal life.	0
Mr. Pound responded, "It's a deal.	A beaming Mr. Pilson announced his lastest coup at a news conference that afternoon.	1
OUSTED EXECUTIVES over 50 years old take slightly less time than their younger colleagues to find a job -- 3.23 months vs. 3.26 for the juniors -- outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas finds.	It's the first time in the survey's 15 years that the over-50 group came out ahead.	0
The latest purchase follows small increases in his holdings made over the past five months.	In May, Mr. Brierley's stake shrank to 8.7% after ranging between 9% and 11% for much of the previous year.	1
General Mills gained 2 1/4 to 72 7/8.	Goldman Sachs placed the stock back on its list of recommended issues, raised its 1990 earnings estimate and recommended that its clients shift funds from Kellogg to General Mills.	1
DPC made a $15-a-share bid for the company in May, but Dataproducts management considered the $283.7 million proposal unacceptable.	Dataproducts had sought a buyer for several months.	1
The approach has generated so much interest that NYU is host to the first conference on cooperative care Nov. 30.	It's really part of the hospital of the 21st century.	0
Despite the initial support expected, trading in the contract is likely to start slowly.	The wounds from the 1987 crash haven't yet healed, and not all claims against the exchange clearinghouse -- by those who bet the Hang Seng index would fall -- have been settled.	0
In fact, Kazuo Ishiguro's "The Remains of the Day" (Knopf, 245 pages, $18.95) is both an homage to traditional English forms and a dramatic critique of them.	It implies that the British Empire was rooted in its subjects' minds, manners and morals, and argues, tacitly, that its self-destructive flaws were embodied in the defensive snobbery, willful blindness, role-playing and especially the locutions of its domestic servants.	0
1989's net income could be 11% to 13% of revenue.	Last year, Cray earned $156.6 million, or $4.99 a share, on revenue of $756.3 million.	0
Underwriting doesn't get under way until after morning tea at 10 a.m.	A two-hour lunch break follows.	1
But the agency hasn't yanked psyllium off store shelves.	If the FDA approves the new uses of psyllium, other companies are expected to rush to market with psyllium products.	0
she used the market's wild swings to buy shares cheaply on the sell-off.	On the comeback, Ms. Del Signore unloaded shares she has been aiming to get rid of.	1
while a pianist accompanies the noon fashion show with a selection of dreamy melodies.	The beautiful look of wool," croons the show's narrator, "slightly Victorian in its influence.	1
I trusted in his lordship's wisdom.	I can't even say I made my own mistakes.	0
Revenue jumped nearly 17% to $223.3 million from $191.4 million.	In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Cincinnati Bell fell 25 cents to $29.	0
French President Francois Mitterrand, European Community Commission President Jacques Delors, Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and others have begun linking the rapid changes in the East to the need to speed up changes in the West.	They are stressing that the best way for the West to help the East is to move faster towards Western European economic and monetary unity.	0
Net income rose to $97.9 million, or $1.15 a share, from $50.5 million, or 60 cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales increased 7% to $1.49 billion from $1.39 billion.	1
Everything is up for grabs.	It appears as though the whole thing is wide open again.	0
That won't be an easy task.	Tradition is dictator at Lloyd's.	0
And while the company hasn't made a definite statement, it now looks like that's not going to be anytime soon," Mr. Maxwell said.	The company said in a statement that it expects to ship new products "during the next two quarters.	0
The entire site is enclosed by a 6-to-8-foot-high ornamental iron fence with a small number of remote-controlled gates.	Shrubs and flowers give it a pleasing and non-fortress-like appearance.	0
Also, the broker-dealer subsidiary, Integrated Resources Equity Corp., was renamed Royal Alliance Associates Inc.	Because of Integrated's widely reported troubles, the unit's representatives had been requesting a name change.	1
Gingerly, some economists began to blame central planning.	Some writers in theoretical journals even raised the notion of introducing democracy, at least in the workplace.	0
At the last minute, however, Pakistani officials sent in Gulbuddin Hekhmatyar, perhaps the most hated and feared of the extremists, with a demand that the surrender be made to his forces.	The deal fell through, and Kandahar remains a major regime base.	0
Revenue rose 12% to $1.63 billion from $1.46 billion.	Systemwide sales, which include sales at franchisee as well as company-owned stores, totaled $4.59 billion compared with $4.2 billion.	1
Woodstream is "marginally profitable" but hasn't performed as well as expected.	Woodstream's Victor-brand mousetraps and other pest-control products are "doing very well.	0
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts' estimates.	The companies are followed by at least three analysts, and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share.	0
For Mips big-name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company's RISC architecture.	The thing it says about Mips is that they're on a roll right now.	0
But I'm going to lose $50,000 to $60,000 on it.	I'm going to have to get another job this year just to eat.	0
Having a proposal sponsored by Democrats would have given the president an advantage.	Having only a Republican measure makes the task harder.	0
Ginnie Mae 9% securities for November delivery ended at 97 29/32, down 7/32; 9 1/2% securities at 99 31/32, down 6/32; and 10% securities at 101 29/32, down 5/32.	Freddie Mac 9% securities were at 97 5/32, down 3/32.	1
A senior citizen between 62 and 70 saves 70% off regular coach fare.	Travelers up to age 99 get a percentage discount matching their age.	0
when one of the buildings exploded into a fireball shortly after the quake struck.	Efforts to fight the blaze were hampered because water mains were severed as well.	1
But at a critical moment, stock-index arbitrage traders showed their power and control.	They scooped up hundreds of S&P futures when the market needed it most.	1
I trusted.	I trusted in his lordship's wisdom.	0
They motivate sales people with commissions.	Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and aren't expected to anytime soon.	0
But investors don't seem to think so.	that cash flows into stock funds were heavier than usual after heavy outflows on the 13th.	0
He sold them well below market value to raise cash "to pay off mounting credit-card debts," incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend.	The curator, 27-year-old Sherman Krisher of Greenwich, Conn., had worked his way up from janitor in seven years at the museum.	1
The Series got off to a lukewarm start Oct. 14 with a 16.2% rating.	the next night it drew 17.4% of homes.	1
In Sidhpur, it is almost time to sow this year's crop.	Many farmers, too removed to glean psyllium's new sparkle in the West, have decided to plant mustard, fennel, cumin, fenugreek or castor-oil seeds.	0
CBS News is also re-enacting the 1979 Three Mile Island nuclear accident in Middletown, Pa., with something less than a cast of thousands.	It is combing the town of 10,000 for about 200 extras.	0
After she heard about the artery-clogging hazards of tropical oils in many cookies, she dropped Pepperidge Farm and started buying brands free of such oils.	I always thought Pepperidge Farm was tasty and high quality.	1
But recent events indicate that federal credit is out of control.	Student loan defaults remain high at about 12%, and the program has been rocked by allegations of fraud and mismanagement.	0
Another benefit is that substantial percentages of the proprietors in these centers are minority businessmen and women.	In the Grand Boulevard Plaza developed by Matanky Realty Group in Chicago's Third Ward, opposite the Robert Taylor Homes, 29% of the stores to date have been leased to blacks and 14% to members of other minority groups.	0
A six-month, broker-sold CD, for example, was yielding an average 8.09% in the latest week, a fifth of a percentage point lower than the week before.	In late April, when interest rates were at their recent highs, short-term CDs sold by brokers were offering yields half a percentage point or more higher than banks.	0
Just clobbered.	The quarter was terrible, and the future looks anything but encouraging.	0
But most junk bonds closed unchanged after opening slightly higher on bargain-hunting by institutional investors.	Some so-called high-quality junk issues, such as R.H. Macy & Co. 's 14 1/2% subordinated debentures, rose.	0
Mr. Gintel owns 300,000 of the company's 6.3 million common shares outstanding.	it recently bought back approximately 55,000 of its shares pursuant to its existing authorization to acquire as many as 650,000 shares.	1
But in the months since then he has shied away from talking about abortion.	What few comments he has initiated have been oblique.	0
Stock-index arbitrage trading was a minor influence in yesterday's rally.	Institutional buyers were the main force pushing blue chips higher.	0
To do that, they must think in terms of sheetrock by the square foot, carpeting by the square yard, wallpaper by the roll, molding by the linear foot.	Using a calculator and a unit-price guide for such jobs as painting, plumbing and roofing in each major region of the country, adjusters can figure out the value of a home in today's market and what it would cost to rebuild it.	1
On Sept. 6, Robert Joseph Sherry, the firm's senior vice president of employee and public relations, sold 4,000 shares.	Including a sale of stock last February, Mr. Sherry has sold 88% of his stake in the company this year, according to SEC filings.	0
In London, the Financial Times 100-share index finished 30.1 points higher at 2112.2.	The index settled off the high of 2117.1 posted after Wall Street opened stronger.	0
The benchmark 30-year bond was nearly 1/4 point higher, or up about $2.50 for each $1,000 face amount..New two-year notes ended unchanged while three-year and four-year notes were slightly lower..Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1/2 point higher while mortgage-backed securities were up about 1/8 point.	Corporate bonds were unchanged.	0
Focusing on beer, restaurants and hotels means "we can concentrate our skills and resources more effectively.	The spirits business "would require substantial additional investment to enable it to compete effectively in the first division of global players.	0
Yet he puts quite a twist on the old story handed down from Darwin.	For him, natural history is anything but a gradual, predictable march from primordial slime to human consciousness.	0
that that will start to change this fall, with its new version of the Stanza compact sedan.	The Stanza has been a nonentity compared with Honda's hugely successful Accord and Toyota's Camry.	1
Even in Denenchofu, one of Tokyo's richest neighborhoods, Mr. Morishita's splashy brick manor -- one of some 10 houses he owns -- outshines the neighbors.	A lavish white portico with a stained-glass window towers over the brick wall surrounding his property.	0
Any fool can publish a money-losing magazine.	I want to publish one that succeeds.	0
The MMI is a 20-stock index that mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average.	Outstanding contracts are those that remain to be liquidated.	0
the capital restructuring plan has been approved by Malaysia's Capital Issues Committee and central bank.	Malaysia's High Court is expected to approve the plan.	1
Fate directs some men down the flower-bordered path, and others down the road bordered with thistles and prickly pears.	The lucky ones gaze out at life with serene eyes and smile with a face of innocence at their perfumed happiness..The others endure the hot sun of the plains and scowl like cornered wild beasts.	0
On that earlier day, the stock's trading was halted at a critical time so the specialists could catch their breath.	Not yesterday.	0
Consider Oil of Olay, which P&G acquired as part of Richardson-Vicks International in 1985.	The moisturizer, introduced in 1962, had a dowdy image.	1
and the lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner wasn't as strong as it is now.	Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights, and it was "in Warner's interest to accommodate MGM/UA, Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives.	1
and transmitted it to two of her children.	One of them, a daughter Ariel, died a year ago at age seven after her parents unsuccessfully pleaded for the drug.	1
One major NBC affiliate, KCRA in Sacramento, plans to cancel the NBC Saturday morning line-up as of January and replace it with a local newscast.	The one-hour program will be repeated with updates throughout Saturday mornings.	1
Emigration applications soared in 1985, when Britain and China ratified their accord on Hong Kong's future.	In 1987, Hong Kong's most prosperous year for a decade, 30,000 left, up 58% from the previous year.	1
By contrast, the Comex in July imported a highly regarded outsider, Arnold F. Staloff, as its president.	Mr. Staloff, 44, was a senior officer of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and is considered a specialist in new financial products.	1
The Swedish publishers of a new Estonian-language newspaper rushed an extra edition across the Baltic on Oct. 10 after the first run sold out in one day.	plans had called for 7,000 copies of the monthly Are Paev (Business Paper) to be sold at newsstands and an additional 3,000 promotion issues to be sent by direct mail.	1
Along the way, Mr. Tharp omitted a total of $1.5 million from his receipts reported on federal tax returns for three years.	The returns landed in the hands of an Internal Revenue Service criminal investigator, Samuel James Baker.	0
it's time to take a fresh look at the nation's central bank.	After 75 years there may be a few things that are worth reexamining.	0
The conventional wisdom used to be that you couldn't modify the immune response of an infected individual" by innoculating them with synthetic viral proteins.	We've demonstrated that you can.	0
Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous, reassuring, and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better, safer or cheaper than they really are.	When something undeniably nasty happens, a few euphemisms are deployed to simply make it disappear, much as a fresh grave may be covered by a blanket of flowers.	0
Gerry Ritterman, president of New York-based Network Publishing Corp., earlier this year sold his Soap Opera Digest magazine to Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.	that in the next six months he will take $50 million from the Soap Opera Digest sale to acquire new magazines.	1
In one, imports and exports continue to grow at the respective average rates of 25% and 5% recorded during the first seven months, and the current-account deficit widens to $13.1 billion.	In 1985, China had a record deficit of $11.4 billion.	1
they're trying to cut back on the clutter that created the situation in the first place.	Among other things, the industry is trying to come up with standardized business lists that cut down on duplications.	0
However, in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume, Bethlehem "had pretty good earnings numbers.	third-quarter earnings of 55 cents a share.	0
Even after-hours drag.	karaoke" bars, where Japanese revelers sing over recorded music, are prohibited by Mexico's powerful musicians union.	0
Snack-food tonnage increased a strong 7% in the third quarter, while domestic profit increased in double digits.	Excluding the British snack-food business acquired in July, snack-food international tonnage jumped 40%, with sales strong in Spain, Mexico and Brazil.	1
When the size of the Refcorp offering was announced last week and when-issued trading activity began, the bailout bonds were yielding about 1/20 percentage point more than the Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond.	On Friday, the yield was quoted at about 1/4 percentage point higher than the benchmark bond, an indication of weak demand.	0
Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness as a sign of loyalty, but they did so falsely.	He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama's socalled G-2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier.	1
A few years ago, parents usually had to hire a sitter or take turns skiing while one spouse stayed with the children.	Most parents who had to go through that never came back.	0
In a country where elbow room is scarce, laptop machines will take a large portion of the industry's future growth.	Toshiba Corp. busted open that sector this summer with a notebook-sized machine that retails for less than 200,000 yen.	0
However, unlike a buy-stop order, a buy market-if-touched order is entered at a price below the current price, while a sell market-if-touched order is entered at a price above it.	As soon as the market trades at the specified price the floor broker will fill it at the best possible price.	1
the market could drop about 10% in the next few months, then recover and go higher.	Companies with steady earnings growth could do well while others with high debt or poor earnings could see their shares decline far more than 10%.	0
The company has made payments of $175 million against the original $585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization.	These payments consisted of $54 million in scheduled payments and $121 million in prepayments, funded by $82.8 million from operating cash flow, zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales.	0
that Eurocom and WCRS had agreed to provide a development fund of #100 million for acquisitions.	The new agency group is already in discussions about a possible purchase in Spain.	0
A further decline in prices will lead to mine production cuts in the U.S.	Scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal into silver.	0
January platinum rose $2.30 an ounce to $488.60.	there were no fundamental factors moving these markets.	0
Pennzoil is rumored to be accumulating a stake in Chevron in order to push for a revamping of the company.	investor Carl Icahn has recently increased his stake in USX, which separately reported earnings that were in line with expectations.	0
But many of his statements on the issue in Parliament subsequently were proven wrong by documentary evidence.	The scandal has faded and flared.	1
Intelligence officials to this day worry whether Mr. Noriega sold sensitive information on the recordings to the Cubans or others.	Mr. Turner was troubled enough to cancel the U.S. contract with the rent-a-colonel at the beginning of the Carter administration.	1
Attention," yelled our pilot as our basket plunged into the canal.	You bet attention," I yelled back, leaping atop the propane tanks, "I'm wearing alligator loafers.	1
To invoke the right to deliberately distort what someone else has said is to assert the right to lie in print.	Masson has lost his case, but the defendants, and the profession to which they belong, have lost far more.	0
Expect brushbacks but no beanballs.	Even expect stolen bases.	0
Corporate due process appeals to management for a variety of reasons.	It reduces lawsuits from disgruntled employees and ex-employees, with all that means for reduced legal costs and better public relations.	0
Student loan defaults remain high at about 12%, and the program has been rocked by allegations of fraud and mismanagement.	Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) loans have turned into de facto giveaway programs.	0
when lawyer Stephen Glazier first made the case on this page.	The 1974 budget "reform," passed over President Nixon's veto, took away the presidential impoundment power, thereby introducing monstrous CRs and eviscerating the presidential veto.	1
As part of the transaction, J.C. Penney will sell a portion of its credit-card receivables to its JCP Receivables Inc. unit, which will then transfer them to a master trust.	The trust will issue the certificates.	1
With all this, can stock prices hold their own.	The question is unanswerable at this point.	0
He believed colon cancer might also arise from multiple "hits" on cancer suppressor genes, because it often seems to develop in stages.	It often is preceded by the development of polyps in the bowel, which in some cases become increasingly malignant in identifiable stages.	0
Some nights he slept under his desk.	His boss complained about neglect of other chores.	1
The protesters lie down in the street, blocking traffic, and will not move until the authorities carry them away.	Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack.	1
Last month, the General Accounting Office reported that defaults in Federal Housing Administration guarantees were five times as high as previously estimated, and that FHA's equity fell to minus $2.9 billion.	GAO's findings are particularly troubling because the FHA has about $300 billion in obligations outstanding and had previously been considered one of the most financially secure credit programs.	0
Nobody knows how many billions of dollars the Americans With Disabilities Act will cost, because nobody knows what the bill entails.	It is an intentionally vague document that will create a wave of litigation.	0
Unused houses deteriorate rapidly, affecting the value of nearby homes.	in a domino effect, the entire neighborhood can fall victim.	1
Unilever and P&G are the habitats of organization men in gray-flannel suits.	Both companies are conservative marketers that rely on extensive market research.	0
Critics on the left and right have been calling for all sorts of revisions to the measure for years.	A report by the staff of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress released yesterday concluded, "It is misleading to make this change without adjusting for other changes.	0
But Mr. Lesko's staff is beginning to wonder whether there isn't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest.	Is the government not helping anybody?" asks Toni Murray, an assistant to Mr. Lesko.	0
they expect to re-examine how AT&T is regulated since competition has increased.	the agency to propose new rules next year.	1
Under the proposed agreement involving the world's tallest building, Chicago-based Sears would receive about half the money through conventional mortgage financing and the other half as a convertible mortgage.	At the end of the term of the convertible loan, Sears could still own half the building, and AEW could own the other half.	1
The average six-month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90%, down from 7.93%.	For longer-term CDs, yields were up.	0
We have no further developments to report.	Officials at Gulf Power couldn't be reached for comment.	0
An increase in production at some major oil fields in the North Sea, which had been knocked out by an explosion in July 1988, also aided results.	The sale of a portion of refining and marketing operations to Saudi Arabia helped alleviate the decline in earnings from that business.	1
Shaw Industries, which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries' carpet operations for an undisclosed price, rose 2 1/4 to 26 1/8.	Armstrong added 1/8 to 39 1/8.	1
A report late yesterday that the Chicago-area purchasing managers survey showed increased economic activity in that part of the country cut into bond-price gains.	If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector, it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar.	0
We're extremely committed to optical storage technology.	We think everything will go this way in a few years.	0
But what the Senate Judiciary Committee has done in supporting the strongly worded Armenian resolution achieves no useful end.	it merely produces more controversy and embittered memories.	0
By move 21, D.T. had fallen into a deep positional trap.	It allowed Mr. Kasparov to exchange his dark-squared bishop for one of D.T.'s knights.	1
Cray made its announcement after the stock market closed.	In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Cray closed down $1.125 at $34.25.	1
The dollar retreated.	In late New York trading the currency was quoted at 1.8355 marks and 141.45 yen, compared with 1.8470 marks and 141.90 yen Monday.	0
The trend has prompted Beijing to intensify efforts to curb imports.	In recent weeks, China's leaders have recentralized trading in wool and scores of chemical products and commodities.	0
But she asks a workman toting the bricks from the lawn to give her a boost through an open first-floor window.	Once inside, she spends nearly four hours measuring and diagramming each room in the 80-year-old house.	1
Shaw Industries, which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries' carpet operations for an undisclosed price, rose 2 1/4 to 26 1/8.	Armstrong added 1/8 to 39 1/8.	1
Many factors besides a dread of 1997 will have a bearing on Hong Kong's economy.	One concerns Japanese investors.	0
Mr. Gourlay, 48, is manager for corporate manufacturing operations.	he was assistant vice president at the company.	1
it will move immediately to sell two ports, various ferries, ferry services, containers, and other investments.	Of the proceeds, $500 million will be used to fund its tender offer.	1
The legislator, Enrique Garcia, had actively backed the plant, but at the original site in his constituency northwest of Manila.	The country's Supreme Court dismissed the suit, but Mr. Garcia late last month filed for a reconsideration.	1
Last year, 45,000 went.	The government predicts that annual outflows will level off over the next few years at as much as 60,000 -- a projection that is widely regarded as unrealistically low.	0
The Soviets cut a deal with Iran: a future Iranian role in Afghanistan in exchange for Iranian support of Soviet policy.	The deal was symbolized by the restoration of the Shi'ite Sultan Ali Keshtmand to the Afghan prime ministry.	1
Valued as a buy-out target, the airline stock was trading at nearly $280 a share.	When the deal ran into trouble, the stock tumbled; it closed at $198 yesterday.	1
A bipartisan commission established by Congress and headed by Sen. John Rockefeller (D., W.Va.) is scheduled to present new plans for dealing with the uninsured and long-term care for the elderly by next March 1.	A quadrennial commission appointed by Health and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan is taking a broad look at the economics of Medicare for the elderly, Medicaid for the poor and the health system in general.	0
Mr. Perry paused to scan the crowd.	I see we have about half the audience working for us," he said, tongue in cheek.	1
The farmer barges into the naczelnik's office.	A thin man in a gray suit looks up from a newspaper.	1
Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from (a) Marxist devaluation of environmental resources, which are not produced by labor; (b) planned economies' inability to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned and penalties are paid by the government; and (c) the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development, producing a far heavier and more wasteful use of energy and natural resources than in the West.	They repeatedly noted that environmental progress could not be secured without true ownership, genuine competition based on market factors, and the risk of bankruptcy if a business makes the wrong decisions.	0
By yesterday afternoon, Air Force transport planes began moving additional rescue and medical supplies, physicians, communications equipment and FEMA personnel to California.	A military jet flew a congressional delegation and senior Bush administration officials to survey the damage.	1
Those, of course, were the responses of people with something to hide.	One wonders how other college athletic officials would behave under the same circumstances.	0
Two weeks ago, in a campaign to blunt inflation at home and arrest a world-wide plunge in the pound, he raised base rates a full percentage point to 15%.	Despite the increase, the British currency slid below a perceived threshold of three marks early last week.	0
That's because the widely used fiber-optic cable has been installed underground with 25 extra feet of cable between junction points.	The slack absorbs the pulling strain generated by an earthquake.	0
The results, which represented the fifth consecutive quarter of flat-to-lower earnings for the big electronics retailer, disappointed analysts and traders.	Tandy's stock fell $1.375 a share to close at $44 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	0
The limit could range from three years to seven years.	At the end of this period, the poison pill would be eliminated automatically, unless a new poison pill were approved by the then-current shareholders.	1
If all the debt is converted to common, Automatic Data will issue about 3.6 million shares.	last Monday, the company had nearly 73 million shares outstanding.	0
East Bloc pollution data typically have been state secrets.	While Polish data have been freely available since 1980, it was no accident that participants urged the free flow of information.	0
But many predicted that the commercial disruption would be short-lived.	Of the scores of companies contacted by this newspaper, few reported any damage that they didn't expect to have remedied within a day or two.	0
The Roth plan would create a new, non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement, but also for the purchase of a first home, education expenses and medical expenses.	Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs, but would be subject to tax though no penalty.	0
QUANTUM CHEMICAL Corp. 's plant in Morris, Ill., is expected to resume production in early 1990.	The year was misstated in Friday's editions.	1
Prior to a tender offer by A&P for Waldbaum Inc. in 1986, the founder of the Waldbaum's supermarket chain called an elderly relative to tell her to assemble her stock certificates for delivery.	She called her daughter to take her to the bank, who, in turn, persuaded her husband, a Mr. Loeb, to run this errand.	1
that Latin American countries would be "profoundly disappointed" if Canada were to follow the U.S. lead in the OAS.	Latin Americans see Canada as a non-interventionist power that respects their sovereignty.	0
Rick Sherlund, a Goldman Sachs analyst, has raised his earnings estimates for the company twice in the past two weeks, citing improved margins.	After the earnings were announced, he raised his fiscal 1990 estimate to between $3.80 and $4 a share.	1
Akzo is likely to be one of the few major chemical companies to show profit growth next year.	Akzo will show per-share earnings of 24 guilders in 1990, up from an estimated 22.5 guilders for this year and the 20.9 guilders reported for 1988.	0
A stronger U.S. dollar reduced third-quarter and first-nine-month sales growth 2% and 3%, respectively.	International sales accounted for 47% of total company sales for the nine months, compared with 50% a year earlier.	0
General Mills gained 2 1/4 to 72 7/8.	Goldman Sachs placed the stock back on its list of recommended issues, raised its 1990 earnings estimate and recommended that its clients shift funds from Kellogg to General Mills.	1
Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by flat or negative industrial growth, rising unemployment and a widening budget deficit.	Unless the government suddenly reverses course, wages for most workers won't keep pace with inflation.	0
The projects already under construction will increase Las Vegas's supply of hotel rooms by 11,795, or nearly 20%, to 75,500.	By a rule of thumb of 1.5 new jobs for each new hotel room, Clark County will have nearly 18,000 new jobs.	0
Du Pont's stock rose $2.50 a share to close at $117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.	Seagram closed at $84.75, up 12.5 cents a share in Big Board trading.	1
Before its shares were suspended from trading, Qintex Australia plunged to 16 Australian cents (12 U.S. cents) a share yesterday from 33 Australian cents Friday.	The shares traded at about A$1.50 in March, when the plan to acquire MGM/UA was announced.	0
SCI TV's six stations once were part of Storer Communications.	KKR loaded up the cable and television company with debt in an 1985 buy-out.	1
Kirin Brewery was up 100 at 2,000, and Ajinomoto gained 70 to 2,840.	Pharmaceuticals were mostly higher, with SS Pharmaceutical gaining 140 to 1,980.	1
Democracy can be cruel to politicians.	Sometimes it forces them to make choices.	0
Campeau's Ms. Sanger disputes Mr. Konheim's comments.	Many of the branches are very lucrative," she says. "That's just nonsense.	0
market players overnight in Tokyo began bidding up oil prices.	The rally spread into European markets.	1
Last week Warner filed a $1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters.	Sony promptly countersued, charging Warner with trying to sabotage its acquisitions and hurt its efforts to enter the U.S. movie business.	1
In Bombay stock market circles, the buzzword is "mega.	At least 40 companies are coming to the capital market to raise $6 billion, an amount never thought possible in India.	0
Sen. Strom Thurmond (R., S.C.) protests pending legislation to end the preference that the federal prison system gets in selling prisoner-made furniture and other goods to government agencies.	Small-business suppliers want prisons to stop getting high priority, especially as prison production grows with swelling inmate populations.	0
Knight-Ridder wouldn't comment on the offer.	The company has said the paper isn't for sale, and has rebuffed Mr. McMaster's earlier requests for access to Free Press financial statements.	0
UAL's advisers have indicated previously that it may take a while to come forward with a revised plan since they want to have firm bank commitments before launching a new bid.	They have maintained that banks remain interested in financing the transaction.	1
Mr. Engelken wrote his sports hero to tell him of the coincidence of events.	Mr. Thomson sent off a card to Martha.	1
that the cuts are the way to go.	It will reduce spending in a very effective fashion.	0
These apocalyptic predictions were advanced by such stalwarts as Paul Ehrlich, Barry Commoner, Rene Dubois and George Wald.	Writing in the 1960s Ms. Carson suggested that the human race could be eliminated in 20 years, and Mr. Wald suggested that life on earth might end by 1985.	0
The merchandise trade deficit widened in August to $10.77 billion, the Commerce Department reported, a sharp deterioration from July's $8.24 billion and the largest deficit of any month this year.	Exports fell for the second month in a row, while imports rose to a record.	1
Criticism from such big advertisers as Estee Lauder Inc., Colgate-Palmolive Co. and Seagram Co. put a damper on the euphoria at the American Magazine Conference here.	The conference opened Monday with glowing reports about consumer magazines' growth in circulation and advertising revenue in the past year.	0
For the Parks and millions of other young Koreans, the long-cherished dream of home ownership has become a cruel illusion.	For the government, it has become a highly volatile political issue.	0
that the rate was lowered by the Fed from around 9%, where it had been since July, to about 8 3/4% in early October on the heels of a weak employment report.	it ended Friday at about 8 11/16%.	1
Yamaichi said its pretax profit increased 8.9% to 117.94 billion yen from 108.28 billion yen..Operating profit rose 5.3% to 279.75 billion yen from 265.79 billion yen.	Net income surged 21% to 55.59 billion yen from 46.02 billion yen.	0
Mr. Hastings faced the senators and sat impassively during the first two roll-call votes, then quickly left the chamber.	In an impromptu news conference on the Capitol steps, he denounced the senators' action.	1
At one point, he asked a worker whether he thought East Germans were fleeing the country because of restrictive travel policies.	The worker's tart reply: "It's more than just travel.	1
Meanwhile, a federal jury found Mr. Bilzerian guilty on securities fraud and other charges in June.	A month later, Mr. Jefferies was spared a jail term by a federal judge who praised him for helping the government.	1
The poverty rate of children under 18 years old dropped last year to 19.7% from 20.5% in 1987.	The rate among the elderly -- 12% in 1988 -- wasn't significantly lower than the year before.	0
The industry's chemical profits also declined because excess capacity has depressed prices.	Gasoline margins may rebound this quarter but they believe chemical margins could worsen.	0
Interpublic approached Saatchi in August about buying its Campbell-Mithun-Esty unit, but was turned down by Chairman Maurice Saatchi.	More recently, Interpublic inquired about one of Saatchi's smaller communications companies but again was rebuffed.	1
In broadest terms, stability has quietly settled into international oil markets.	Mideast politics have calmed down and the squabbling within the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries seems under control for now.	0
Inspired by imports, Mr. Rosen now makes fur muffs, hats and flings.	This year he produced a men's line and offers dyed furs in red, cherry red, violet, royal blue and forest green.	0
This will be his return on an original investment of between 50 million Swiss francs and 80 million Swiss francs.	Mr. Rey bought a controlling stake in Inspectorate for 18 million Swiss francs in 1982, building up the little-known engineering company with European and U.S. acquisitions.	1
The stock fell 3 1/4 to 73 1/4 on 3.4 million shares.	Delta Air Lines fell 1 7/8 to 67 7/8, USAir Group dropped 3/4 to 40 1/4, Southwest Airlines dipped 1/2 to 25 and Alaska Air Group slid 3/8 to 24 1/4.	1
when the union and De Beers arranged to reopen negotiations.	the company had offered to increase the minimum wage by 18%, while the union was demanding 26.6%.	0
Philip Morris hopes that by taking its Bill of Rights theme to the airwaves, in addition to publications, it will reach the broadest possible audience.	Until now, its corporate ads, mainly promoting its sponsorship of the arts, have appeared almost exclusively in newspapers and magazines.	0
As a result, the group's third-quarter loss widened to $9.8 million from the second quarter's $3.6 million.	Pittston continues to hire replacement workers.	1
Then they took the art to Acapulco and began to trade some of it for cocaine.	Information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the two men and the recovery of almost all the stolen art.	1
He sent out thousands of news releases from his Kensington, Md., office..He plugged the contest on Larry King's radio show, on Pat Sajak's television show and on the C-SPAN cable television network.	He talked about it in every speech he made.	0
Suddenly the woman begins swaying and then writhing.	She's being attacked by the demon," Mrs. Warren stagewhispers.	1
The new equipment is likely to cost more than $20 million.	When the company last considered adding the equipment two years ago, it estimated the cost at $21 million to $22 million.	0
I hope he grows with the job.	The most important thing is that he have a chance.	0
We cannot, however, join the political chorus that as one proclaims how offputting it is that Mrs. Thatcher refuses to get along by going along.	It is refreshing to see at least one world figure who knows what she believes in and is not inclined to reflexively compromise those beliefs.	0
When it wasn't my turn in the balloon I followed its progress from the "chase car," listening to the driver holler into a walkie-talkie.	After long stretches of this attendant ground activity came 20 or so lovely minutes of drifting above the Vosges watching the silver mists rise off the river and the French cows amble about the fields.	1
A two-hour lunch break follows.	Things wind down at about 4:30 p.m., just in time for afternoon tea.	1
People are fearful and sensitive.	Everybody's finger is one inch closer to the button.	0
Ethiopian politics are the most sophisticated, secretive and Byzantine in all of black Africa.	Remember that it took Mr. Mengistu many months to topple Emperor Haile Selassie in 1974 and 1975.	0
which can remember data for at least 10 years without any current flowing to them.	The chips use materials, such as lead zirconate titanate, to form microscopic switches that retain their data without electricity.	0
Elsewhere in Europe, share prices closed higher in Stockholm, Brussels and Milan.	Prices were lower in Frankfurt, Zurich, Paris and Amsterdam.	0
Indeed, in early October the West German central bank raised its discount and Lombard rates by a full percentage point.	Several other European central banks, notably in Britain, followed the West German Bundesbank's lead by raising their own key rates.	1
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten (D., Miss.) helped secure $49.7 million for his state, or more than double the Pentagon's budget.	West Virginia, home of Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd, would receive $21.5 million -- four times the military's request.	0
But small business, which generally detests government-mandated benefits, has taken note of the growing number of close votes.	It's just a matter of time before the tide turns.	0
In June, the Chicago Board of Trade said it suspended Capcom Financial.	The Capcom Futures unit withdrew from Board of Trade membership voluntarily in August.	1
that its mail rooms there simply stopped delivering it.	Now, thousands of mailers, catalogs and sales pitches go straight into the trash.	0
For many companies, the instinctive first response is to cut costs.	Others are trying to find specialty defense work spared by the slowdown or new niches created by budget-cutting.	0
it took over the dying Dong-A Motor Co. in 1986.	SsangYong began making variations of the Jeep-like "Korando" vehicle.	1
One generation ago, Mom joined Dad.	Now, in the `90s, we're headed toward a total resort environment.	1
In 1987, Hong Kong's most prosperous year for a decade, 30,000 left, up 58% from the previous year.	Last year, 45,000 went.	0
that it would no longer handle index-arbitrage-related program trades for its accounts.	Shearson, with its in-house order execution system, has handled the bulk of such program trades in the over-the-counter market.	1
Manufacturers' shipments rose 0.3% in August following two months of declines.	Inventories fell 0.3% in August.	1
After two mistrials, the stakes in the stock manipulation trial of GAF Corp. and its vice chairman, James T. Sherwin, have changed considerably.	The first two GAF trials were watched closely on Wall Street because they were considered to be important tests of the government's ability to convince a jury of allegations stemming from its insider-trading investigations.	1
She is told she can't enter unless she is accompanied by an inspector.	She bursts into tears and walks away.	1
For the nine months, Storage had net of $25.5 million, or 98 cents a share, including an $11.3 million extraordinary gain for the anticipated proceeds from liquidating an Irish unit.	Net was up 69% from $15.1 million, or 57 cents a share, last year.	1
American Express Bank earnings fell 50% to $21.3 million from $42.5 million despite a 29% revenue gain.	The results include $106 million of tax benefits associated with previous years' Third World loan activity, compared with $15 million a year earlier.	0
Government statistics in fact show that the profit rate peaked in 1965 at 17.2%.	That same calculation saw profit rates fall to 4.6% in the recession year 1982 and the supposed miracle that followed has seen the profit rate rise only to 8.1% in 1986 and 8% in 1987.	1
The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties with health-care businesses -- or lose their government money.	Among other concerns researchers with business ties are more likely to falsify findings in order to tout new drugs.	0
net jumped to $87 million, or $2.02 a share, from $58 million, or $1.40 a share, a year earlier.	Sales increased 36% to $683 million from $502 million.	1
It is unclear, however, if the machinists would support a majority stake, as the pilots want.	that would depend on how much in concessions machinists would have to give in return for the majority stake.	0
Investors, trying to raise cash, have sold "large liquid issues" such as RJR Holdings Corp. and Kroger Co.	declines in these benchmark issues have contributed to the market's distress.	1
It named a new chief executive officer, former IMS International head Robert Louis-Dreyfus.	It rebuffed an offer by Carl Spielvogel, head of Saatchi's Backer Spielvogel Bates unit, to lead a management buy-out of all or part of Saatchi.	1
When a caller reaches Telelawyer by dialing 900-TELELAW, a receptionist refers the call to one of six attorneys.	In an effort to determine whether a caller has reason to sue, Cane lawyers review documents and perform research, if necessary, with the help of three law clerks and several support staffers.	1
and the lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner wasn't as strong as it is now.	Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights, and it was "in Warner's interest to accommodate MGM/UA, Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives.	1
Anheuser-Busch plunged 4 3/8 to 38 1/2 on 3.5 million shares.	Its third-quarter earnings were lower than analysts had forecast, and the company said it had lowered its projections for earnings growth through the end of 1990 because of planned price cuts.	1
It was whooosh.	In five minutes, the Dow industrials climbed almost 30 points.	1
and the sale never came off.	According to the suit, Mr. Peterson has yet to return the plaintiffs' investment.	0
For a short time after June 4, it appeared that the trade picture would remain fairly bright.	Many foreign trading offices in Hong Kong were swamped with telexes and telephone calls from Chinese trade officials urging them not to sever ties.	1
he had the idea last January while lying on a beach in Australia.	When he sent letters offering 1,250 retired major leaguers the chance of another season, 730 responded.	1
Walter M. Brady was named a senior vice president of this insurer in the Canadian head office.	He had been vice president in that office.	1
The Merkur cars also suffered from spotty quality, some dealers say.	It was like a comedy of errors," says Martin J. "Hoot" McInerney.	0
we expected growth of 6% to 7%.	Operating-profit margins slipped almost 18%, to 4.3% of sales.	0
Secretary of State Baker expressed concern that Nicaraguan President Ortega may attempt to use alleged attacks by the U.S.backed Contra rebels as an excuse to scuttle elections scheduled for February.	Ortega had threatened to end a 19-month-old ceasefire.	1
Among the subsidies continued in the transportation bill is $30.7 million to maintain commercial air service for an estimated 92 communities, often in rural areas.	Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd (D., W.Va.) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House.	0
The Bay Area has three very dangerous faults, the San Andreas, the Hayward fault and the Calaveras fault.	It {Tuesday's quake} hasn't solved our problem.	0
Marshall figured it would be good training for those soldiers.	They had fun moving the carriers around.	0
Soon the studio is producing a $40 million picture called "Tet, the Motion Picture.	The picture is a cover for sending $800 million of arms to Los Otros.	0
The FASB had its initial meeting on March 28, 1973.	On Dec. 13, 1973, it issued its first rule.	1
Longer term, the impact is unclear.	The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms.	0
that a representative's duty was to speak not for the narrow interests of one group but instead for the common good.	Large, heterogeneous election districts would encourage good government because a representative would be compelled to serve the interests of all his constituents and be servile to none.	0
This, in turn, threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written.	My questions on this subject at a recent meeting at the World Resources Institute with representatives of the National Resource Development Commission, the Environmental Protection Agency, Friends of the Earth, etc. were greeted with derision and some mumbled comments about that report being discredited.	0
B.A.T Industries, the most active Amex issue, rose 3/8 to 12 3/8.	The company received shareholder approval for its restructuring plan, designed to fend off a hostile takeover bid from a group headed by financier Sir James Goldsmith.	1
Visiting Nicaragua, he praised the Sandinistas for their electoral system and chided the Bush administration for not rewarding the Sandinistas.	In Honduras he promised to help unblock some $70 million in assistance withheld due to the failure of local agencies to comply with conditions agreed upon with Washington.	1
In one personal-injury case, a woman claimed she had been injured when she slipped in a pool, but the fall didn't explain why one of her arms was discolored bluish.	By repeatedly drawing the jury's attention to the arm, the defense lawyers planted doubt about the origin of the woman's injuries.	0
DREXEL BURNHAM LAMBERT Inc. agreed to pay a $50,000 fine to Delaware.	Drexel doesn't have a Delaware office, but the New York firm has been negotiating settlements that would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted felon.	0
How interestingly clever of Robert Goldberg to use the form of pretend advocacy journalism to explain his perception of "Days of Rage" in his television critique (Leisure & Arts, Sept 11.	He chastises Jo Franklin-Trout for her inept presentation of advocacy journalism, judging her project as "intellectually slipshod.	1
The board of this Ponce, Puerto Rico concern voted to suspend payment of its quarterly of 11 cents a share for the third quarter.	it expects a return to profitability in the third quarter when it reports operating results this week.	0
Then, in May 1988, Mr. Tisch urgently needed to make a bold statement to quell rumors that he might sell the network.	Mr. Pilson gave him one: He bid $243 million for rights to the 1992 Winter Games in Albertville, France; ABC and NBC wouldn't bid even $200 million.	1
Michael F. Harris, 53, was named executive vice president, North America, for the Financial Times.	Mr. Harris had been vice president for the newspaper's advertising in New York.	1
And by substituting yet another landscape architect, Nicholas Quennell, he insists he can achieve that and other accommodations to gardening reality while still preserving the "artistic vision" of a "truly great artist.	After four years of no progress in this direction, it is doubtful any viable collaboration with Ms. Bartlett will suddenly now be possible.	0
that Sandy Alderson, the team's general manager, felt obliged to dampen it.	People change, teams change," he cautioned.	0
Weirton Steel Corp., Weirton, W. Va., for example, is touting to homeowners fashionable steel doors, with leaded glass inserts, as a secure and energy-efficient alternative to wooden or aluminum ones.	Other steelmakers envision steel roofs covering suburbia.	1
Management and unions representing 2,400 employees at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star reached a tentative contract agreement Friday, averting a strike by most employees of Canada's largest daily newspaper.	Members of the largest union, representing 1,700 workers, voted in favor of the pact yesterday.	1
Kellogg surged 4 1/4 to 75.	Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette placed the stock on its list of recommended issues.	1
Florida and Wyoming have backed up their guarantees with the full faith and credit of the state governments, meaning that taxpayers will pick up any slack.	Not so Michigan.	0
The company had losses for several years before turning profitable in fiscal 1988.	In the year ended Jan. 31, Pace rang up profit of $9.4 million, or 72 cents a share, after a tax-loss carry-forward, on sales of $1.3 billion.	0
This put Mrs. Thatcher in a bind.	The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to intellectuals, the media and the imagination, but are full of practical pitfalls.	0
Other favorites of growth-stock analysts and money managers also had a mixed session.	Payco American, a credit collection concern, jumped 1 3/8 to 20 5/8 on volume of 93,000, and Mail Boxes Etc., a private postal services company, advanced 1/2 to 23 1/2 on volume of 64,000.	0
but rather we target and attack major drug-trafficking organizations that control a large segment of the drug market.	The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight our efforts in this area and the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Metropolitan Police Department (MPD.	0
they managed to induce bacteria to produce a non-toxic version of the poisons produced by the bacterium that causes whooping cough.	Laboratory tests showed that non-toxic versions of the poisons are capable of inducing an immunity to whooping cough.	1
And at 9:15, they posted a $135 to $155 "first indication.	That range was quickly narrowed to $145 to $155.	1
He is now changing the place he sleeps every night, sometimes more than once a night.	His meals are most often prepared by women he trusts -- his full-time mistress, Vicky Amado, and her mother, Norma.	0
Mr. Carpenter denies the speculation.	To answer the brokerage question, Kidder, in typical fashion, completed a task-force study.	1
the man who had brought it in for an estimate had returned to collect it and was waiting in the hall.	To confirm Mr. Guy's identification, Sotheby's and IFAR exchanged photos by fax, and the waiting man, apparently innocent of knowledge that the kylix was stolen, agreed to release it.	1
But yesterday, the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Messrs..Jacobson and Bates but four other Jacobson partners.	About 30 floor traders crammed near the UAL post most of the day.	0
So the men who ran the grain pits listened when Joseph Sullivan, a 35-year-old former Wall Street Journal newsman, offered them the idea of all-options trading.	After four year of tinkering and $2.4 million in seed money, the board set up the new marketplace, titled it the Chicago Board Options Exchange, and named Sullivan its first president.	1
Bethlehem is also working with the United Steelworkers union to consolidate BethForge's two machine shops and four heat-treatment facilities of the press-forge operations.	Once the consolidation is complete, Bethlehem plans to concentrate its forgings business on nuclear fabrication, hardened steel and large-diameter steel rolls for rolling mills and selected custom-die applications.	1
All you have to do is eat a big pizza, and then go to bed.	You'll have weird dreams, too.	1
The fragile market received its biggest jolt last month from Campeau Corp., which created its U.S. retailing empire with more than $3 billion in junk financing.	Campeau developed a cash squeeze that caused it to be tardy on some interest payments and to put its prestigious Bloomingdale's department store chain up for sale.	1
Most of the new additions were barely profitable, if not outright loss makers.	Applying prowess gained during earlier stints at appliance maker AB Electrolux, Mr. Andersson and a handful of loyal lieutenants aggressively stripped away dead wood -- and got quick results.	0
The biggest foreign inroads, though, have been made by bourbon.	While U.S. makers of vodka, rum and other spirits compete against powerhouses abroad, trade agreements prohibit any other country from making bourbon.	0
net climbed to $80.8 million, or $4.56 a share, from $62.6 million, or $3.55 a share, in the year-earlier period.	Revenue reached $1.1 billion from $1.01 billion.	0
Ratners, which controls 25% of the British jewelry market, would increase the number of its U.S. stores to about 450 stores from 360.	it hopes to control 5% of jewelry business in the U.S. by 1992.	0
The appeal of gold issues is that "they're a counter group.	You go into them because they move counter to the general market.	0
Tankers from the Latvian port of Ventspils each year unload 25 million gallons of fuel into a special tank farm at the airport.	What Aeroflot doesn't pour into its own gas-guzzling Ilyushins is bartered to the airport authority.	1
Taco Bell has turned around declining customer counts by permanently lowering the price of its tacos.	Same store-sales for Kentucky Fried Chicken rose only 1%.	1
it has an option to lease a 350,000-square-foot building in Brantford and proposes to spend 24.5 million Canadian dollars (US$20.9 million) on the facility.	The three existing plants and their land will be sold.	0
the Sony executives hadn't seen the contract because "it wasn't relevant once Guber and Peters told them Warner would let them terminate it at any time.	statements about the contract made in SEC filings were made by attorneys who did have access to the contracts but who weren't part of the negotiations between Sony and the duo.	0
Mr. Brady also said he expects the leveraged buy-out phenomenon to "end under (its) own weight.	Asked whether there is anything Congress should do to curb the LBO boom, Mr. Brady responded, "I think the LBO phenomenon, (while) it won't stop completely, will be a thing of the past.	1
ESB on July 29 accepted the Inco offer and the brief battle was over.	The new gritty game became a money maker for Wall Street's once austere old-name houses.	1
Analysts at Standard & Poor's say junk bond offerings by "tightly stretched" issuers seem to be growing.	Almost $8 billion of junk bonds that are considered untradeable include issues from SCI TV, Gillette Holdings (not related to Gillette Co.), Interco, Seaman Furniture, Allied Stores, Federated Department Stores, National Gypsum, M.D.C. Holdings, Micropolis, Leaseway Transportation and Price Communications.	0
Recently, Litigation Sciences helped Pennzoil Co. win a $10.5 billion jury verdict against Texaco Inc.	It advised the National Football League in its largely successful defense of antitrust charges by the United States Football League.	0
Mr. Bush has pledged as well to respect the 14-year-old executive order barring U.S. agents from assassinating foreign leaders or helping others to do so.	Congress never fully trusted former CIA chief William Casey and National Security Adviser John Poindexter to honor the ban.	1
Mr. Carson has been charged with being anti-Semitic.	Asked about that the other day, he replied, "Anti-Semitic.	1
One night both Marshall's ghost and the shah's ghost together caught Cap and threw him to the ground.	Before they let him go he added a thousand bureaucrats to the RDF in Tampa and renamed it Central Command.	0
El Al director Rafi Har-Lev and top officials of the Soviet Union's Aeroflot negotiated a preliminary pact in Moscow this week.	that concluding the deal requires approval by the governments of both countries.	0
For example, infertile couples who have the woman's eggs fertilized in the test tube usually have several eggs fertilized at a time.	When the fertilized cells divide to eight cells, a single cell from each embryo can be tested for genetic defects.	1
Brand imagery plays a significant role in loyalty to such products as cigarettes, perfume and beer.	People often stay with a particular brand because they want to be associated with the image its advertising conveys.	0
By 1982, he was selling thousands of tires.	Newspapers published articles about him, and he was hailed as "the tire king.	1
With the $3 million received from investors, he took frequent junkets with friends to exotic locales and leased an expensive BMW for his girlfriend, whom he met at the shop where he got his custom-tailored suits.	It's amazing the amount of money that goes up their nose, out to the dog track or to the tables in Las Vegas.	0
Mr. Gintel owns 300,000 of the company's 6.3 million common shares outstanding.	it recently bought back approximately 55,000 of its shares pursuant to its existing authorization to acquire as many as 650,000 shares.	1
it's very scrupulous with the contracts it hands out.	We're not interested in promoting every single product that comes along.	0
At first UAL didn't open because of an order imbalance.	When it did a half-hour into the session, it was priced at $150 a share, down more than $28 from Monday's close.	1
Last March, this newspaper reported on widespread allegations that the company misled many customers into purchasing more credit-data services than needed.	In June, the company agreed to settle for $18 million several lawsuits related to its sales practices, without admitting or denying the charges.	1
In November 1987, Sotheby's essentially offered a Wall Street-style "bridge loan" of about $27 million to Australian businessman Alan Bond to enable him to purchase Vincent van Gogh's "Irises" for $53.9 million.	It was the highest bid in history for a work of art.	1
Dinkins is a decent but sloppy guy.	The alternative -- Giuliani -- is ghastly.	0
its problems began in 1987 and early 1988 when its then-senior lender, Bankers Trust Co., reduced its credit line.	In September 1988, Eagle acquired Biny Clothing Inc., a closely held New York chain operated under the Bonds name.	1
The experiment was stopped briefly to change an instrument.	When it was restarted, heat output "really took off.	1
The fragile market received its biggest jolt last month from Campeau Corp., which created its U.S. retailing empire with more than $3 billion in junk financing.	Campeau developed a cash squeeze that caused it to be tardy on some interest payments and to put its prestigious Bloomingdale's department store chain up for sale.	1
Kellogg surged 4 1/4 to 75.	Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette placed the stock on its list of recommended issues.	1
A deep trench now runs along its north wall, exposed when the house lurched two feet off its foundation during last week's earthquake..A side porch was ripped away..The chimney is a pile of bricks on the front lawn.	The remainder of the house leans precariously against a sturdy oak tree.	0
The market quickly discounted the weekly inventory report showing a 6.3 million barrel decrease in U.S. crude oil stocks as the legacy of Hurricane Jerry.	That storm hit the Gulf Coast Oct. 13, closing the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port for a time and preventing tankers from unloading.	0
While UAL faltered, AMR, the parent of American Airlines, pulled out of its recent nosedive by rising 3/4 to 74.	The stock had been on the decline.	1
Separately, for the first nine months, Soo Line reported a loss of $398,000, or four cents a share, compared with net income of $12.5 million, or $1.32 a share, a year earlier.	Revenue fell 5.8% to $407.9 million from $433.2 million.	1
The Giants got swamped in the second game, 100, and trailed 4-1 going into the bottom of the ninth of the third and deciding game.	The Giants scored once and had runners on second {Whitey Lockman} and third {Clint Hartung} as Bobby Thomson advanced to the plate.	1
that he would end the cease-fire this week in response to the periodic Contra assaults against his army.	that he would continue to abide by the cease-fire if the U.S. ends its financial support for the Contras.	1
A pact with GM may emerge in as little as two weeks, according to sources close to the talks.	The deal would require approval by a majority of Jaguar shareholders.	0
Our view is that we may see a profit decline.	Some think investors should sell into rallies.	1
The holding company will be called BanPonce Corp.	The primary subsidiary will be the combined banking operations of the two companies and will be known as Banco Popular de Puerto Rico.	0
New York Stock Exchange volume was 237,960,000 shares.	Declining issues swamped advancers, 1,222 to 382.	1
Your Investment Dartboard article misses the target.	The fact that stock pickers have bested a randomly selected portfolio in eight of 12 months has no bearing on the efficient-market theory.	0
In 1953, James Watson and his colleagues unlocked the double helix of DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid), the genetic key to heredity.	Twenty years later, two California academics, Stanley Cohen and Herbert Boyer, made "recombinant" DNA, transplanting a toad's gene into bacteria, which then reproduced toad genes.	1
He plans to tell clients to pay certain fees directly to the foundation instead of to him.	he would omit those fees from income reported on his return.	1
For instance, Commonwealth BioVentures Inc., a venture-capital concern, last month invested $600,000 to launch Amira Inc., a Worcester, Mass., concern that will produce pharmaceuticals.	Scientists Rima Kaddurah-Daouk and Paul Schimmel conducted the initial research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	1
Seagram's gin is the world's No. 2 gin brand, but the company doesn't own any of the major gin brands imported in the U.S.	Allied-Lyons, while powerful in whiskey, doesn't own any major white-spirit brands.	0
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday.	A strong challenge from the far left, the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida, failed to topple him.	0
Advertising rates for the Eastern, Midwest, Western and Southwest editions will increase an average 5.5%, and rates for localized advertising editions will increase 7.5.	Rates for the Wall Street Journal Reports will remain unchanged.	1
It is combing the town of 10,000 for about 200 extras.	On Oct. 20, the town's mayor, Robert Reid, made an announcement on behalf of CBS during half-time at the Middletown High School football game asking for volunteers.	0
The trial begins today in federal court in Philadelphia.	The government's assertions of the cover-up were made in last minute pretrial motions.	1
In the nine months, net rose 35% to $120.1 million, or $1.64 a share, from $89.2 million, or $1.22 a share, a year earlier.	Revenue increased 22% to $2.5 billion from $2.1 billion.	1
Two gunmen entered a Maryland restaurant, ordered two employees to lie on the floor and shot them in the backs of their heads.	The killers fled with less than $100.	1
For eight hours a day for the past two weeks, in aggregates of as much as 27,000 pounds (equaling $20,000 in pennies), Coin Wrap has been pouring money into a cement-mixing truck.	A giant heater, working like a blowtorch, causes the mud to crust and burns off any wrappers.	1
At his old job in Compton, Calif., he took a bitter teachers' strike and nearly came to blows with a school-board member.	At his first Chicago press conference, he berated the reporters.	1
This is an index fund with a bet.	Instead of replicating the S&P 500 or some other index exactly, some stocks are overweighted or underweighted in the portfolio.	0
At the opening bell, investors quickly began singling out shares of companies expected to profit or suffer in some way from the California disaster.	Brokerage houses jumped in.	1
to woo the small-business market.	As larger companies increasingly self-insure, or use reserves to pay their own workers' medical bills, the insurance industry has turned to the small-employer market that was once a backwater for them.	0
It is clear that most of the effect of increasing education has been to shift who is helping the wife/mother.	Her share decreases, but only slightly.	0
Of course the Palestinians complain about their treatment.	of course the Israelis feel put upon.	0
Nor do analysts expect the Sansui deal to touch off a fresh wave of foreign purchases.	If the strong yen and the high stock prices of Japanese companies weren't deterrents enough, webs of cross-shareholdings between friendly Japanese companies and fiercely independent Japanese corporate attitudes repel most would-be acquirers.	0
Some credit concerns, such as Bernard Sands Credit Consultants Inc., have told clients not to ship anything to Federated or Allied stores on credit.	This is especially true for spring merchandise.	0
We're not running that ad campaign any more.	I think it was a fairly decent call.	0
Money-fund assets have been rising at an average rate of $1.6 billion a week in recent months.	In the latest week, funds open to institutions alone grew by $1.8 billion.	0
officials conducting the study hadn't been looking for signs of problems related to hypoglycemia unawareness.	We are now monitoring for it much more closely.	0
Television last week carried a new report on East Berlin's main wallpaper factory and the need to boost production.	East Germans remember a comment a few years ago by Kurt Hager, the government's top ideologist, that just because a neighbor hangs new wallpaper, there's no reason to change your own.	1
Since trading as low as $42.25 a share in May, Federal's shares have rallied as high as $57.87 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	They closed Friday at $53.25, down 50 cents on the day.	0
For all of 1988, Dumez had group profit of 452 million francs after payment to minority interests.	Revenue was 21.98 billion francs.	1
The judge, suspended from his bench pending his trial, which began this week, vehemently denies all the allegations against him, calling them "ludicrous" and "imaginative, political demagoguery.	He blames the indictment on local political feuding, unhappiness with his aggressive efforts to clear the courthouse's docket and a vendetta by state investigators and prosecutors angered by some of his rulings against them.	0
Early in October, six Arab nations in the Persian Gulf jacked up prices sharply.	On Oct. 22, led by Saudi Arabia, the world's largest exporter, they embargoed oil shipments to the U.S. and to the Netherlands, Israel's staunchest European ally.	1
The big one is still due.	The Bay Area has three very dangerous faults, the San Andreas, the Hayward fault and the Calaveras fault.	0
In 1979, his career as an industrialist began with the acquisition of the Swiss metals works Selve, based in Thun.	With the nonferrous metals business undermined in Switzerland by tough foreign competition and high domestic costs, this looked like a dull undertaking.	1
that the rate was lowered by the Fed from around 9%, where it had been since July, to about 8 3/4% in early October on the heels of a weak employment report.	it ended Friday at about 8 11/16%.	1
Interest may remain limited into tomorrow's U.K. trade figures, which the market will be watching closely to see if there is any improvement after disappointing numbers in the previous two months.	The key corporate news of the day was that British Airways decided to withdraw from a management-led bid for UAL Corp., the parent of United Airlines.	1
But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogelstein, a young molecular biologist at Johns Hopkins Medical School, believed Dr. Knudson was right, and set out to repeat the Cavenee experiment in cells from other cancers.	His was one of two research teams in 1984 to report dual chromosome losses for a rare childhood cancer of the kidney called Wilm's tumor.	1
On Main Street, Alida Verwoerd and her daughters look after the clothes and fabric shop, then hurry home to fix lunch for the rest of the family.	Down by the stream, a group of Orange Workers puts the finishing touches on a golf course.	1
Under the pact, Montedision will make a $37-a-share tender offer for Erbamont stock outstanding.	The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont's assets, subject to all of its liabilities, to Montedison.	1
the second large deal in the past week.	Last week, a unit of MNC Financial Corp. offered $268 million of home-equity securities.	0
Against this background, the new East German leader must move quickly to shore up his government's standing.	The sudden growth of the opposition movement, together with the steady outflow of citizens escaping through Poland and Hungary, has plunged the country into its deepest political crisis since an anti-Soviet workers' uprising in 1953.	0
Mr. Carpenter denies the speculation.	To answer the brokerage question, Kidder, in typical fashion, completed a task-force study.	1
The case went on appeal to the Second Circuit.	In a decision in April of this year, Judge Roger Miner, joined by Judge Frank Altimari, agreed on denying the injunction and did not doubt that "Bare-Faced Messiah" was a serious work but rejected Judge Leval's argument that the public interest in scholarship could outweigh the sanctity of copyright.	1
The small, wiry Mr. Morishita comes across as an outspoken man of the world.	Stretching his arms in his silky white shirt and squeaking his black shoes, he lectures a visitor about the way to sell American real estate and boasts about his friendship with Margaret Thatcher's son.	1
This isn't a distress sale.	We are determined to get good prices.	0
Mr. Koenig will build the corporate-finance and investment-banking business of Gruntal, which has primarily been a retail-based firm.	He was chairman and co-chief executive officer of Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co. until July, when he was named co-chairman of the investment-banking firm along with Howard L. Blum Jr., who then became the sole chief executive.	1
In late New York trading yesterday, the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks, down from 1.8485 marks late Wednesday, and at 141.70 yen, up from 141.45 yen late Wednesday.	Sterling was quoted at $1.5990, up from $1.5920 late Wednesday.	1
But manufacturers now buying fabric for spring season goods won't be paid until March, April or even May.	Some in the market question whether Campeau will be in a position to pay bills at that time.	0
The Dallas Cowboys are looking at a long-yardage situation, struggling to pull ahead of the Atlanta Falcons.	Up in his stadium box, their new and controversial owner, Jerral "Jerry" Jones, watches anxiously as the team bounds up to the scrimmage line.	1
New York Stock Exchange volume was a heavy 224,070,000 shares.	Decliners on the Big Board outnumbered advancers, 931 to 658.	1
Some supporters were stunned this summer when Mr. Dinkins suggested weakening the law forbidding public employees to go on strike.	He withdrew the remark.	1
I pull my hair back, wear a little makeup and look corporate.	If I go in there as I normally dress, they'd ask, `Who is this hippie.	0
they plan to appeal.	he hasn't decided whether he will resign.	1
Indeed, British Air seemed to be distancing itself from the troubled transaction early in an effort to avoid any further embarrassment.	The original transaction fell through on the same day British Air shareholders approved the plan at a special meeting after the British succeeded in arranging the financing for its equity contribution.	1
With $500 apiece and an injection of outside capital, they formed Genentech Inc.	Commercial gene-splicing was born.	1
Officials at the University of Virginia Art Museum certainly would agree.	Their museum had purchased an Attic black-figured column krater and shipped it from London.	1
there is a damned good chance someone is going to hit the skids on this.	some insurers who had purchased reinsurance to limit their exposure to catastrophes will discover that reinsurance was used up by Hurricane Hugo.	0
sales of truck axles, transmissions and other parts fell 7.2% to $295 million.	Sales of parts for cars and construction vehicles rose.	0
Market segmentation in cars isn't new, but it's far more extensive than when Alfred P. Sloan Jr. conceived the idea 50 years ago.	The legendary GM chairman declared that his company would make "a car for every purse and purpose.	1
As orders for its aircraft and submarine parts dwindled, three years of steady growth ended with a 69% drop in income in this year's first half.	The company hit on a new strategy: If the Defense Department is so intent on saving money, why not make money off that trend.	1
In late New York trading yesterday, the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks, down from 1.8485 marks late Wednesday, and at 141.70 yen, up from 141.45 yen late Wednesday.	Sterling was quoted at $1.5990, up from $1.5920 late Wednesday.	1
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan's morale and image -- but haven't done much for its market share.	Nissan had 29% of the Japanese car market in 1980 before beginning a depressing eight-year slide that continued through last year.	0
The switch to the London market during such turbulent times is significant.	For one thing, the size of the affected market is enormous.	0
that went public in 1983 but hit hard times and filed for bankruptcy-court protection last year.	A group of investors recently bought the remaining assets of Spendthrift.	1
Although we were white, the same economic factors affected us as affects the black people Mr. Farney writes about.	Fortunately, an aunt with a college degree bought a small farm and moved us 50 miles north to good schools and an environment that opened the world of opportunity for me as an eight-year-old.	0
At the same time, he must give it sufficient freedom to provide the economic benefits so desperately needed.	It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor.	0
The prime minister's insistence on keeping a private coterie of advisers -- including an economic guru who openly criticized former Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson -- confused the financial community.	Last week, the strategy of playing the two experts off each other blew up: Mr. Lawson quit in exasperation and Sir Alan Walters, the adviser, announced his resignation within an hour.	0
he wrote the screenplay for "Racing With the Moon," a lovely coming-of-age picture set in the '40s.	Both movies are infused with the nostalgic sensibility of someone much older, someone who doesn't dismiss dreams, but who also has enough experience to see his limits.	0
S.G. Warburg, also mentioned in the rumor mill, jumped 14 at to 414.	Jaguar advanced 19 to 673 as traders contemplated a potential battle between General Motors and Ford Motor for control of the U.K. luxury auto maker.	1
He gave up seven hits, walked five and didn't get a decision.	Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year.	1
She signed up, starting as an "inside" adjuster, who settles minor claims and does a lot of work by phone.	A year later, she moved to the commercial property claims division.	1
These utopians caused the deaths of well over one million Cambodians.	The Cambodian horror was so bad that the Vietnamese occupation in 1978 was a perverse form of relief.	0
But the shift has also been fueled by necessity.	While premium-brand spirits like Smirnoff vodka and Jack Daniel's whiskey are riding high in the U.S., domestic spirits consumption fell 15% to 141.1 million cases in 1988 from 166 million cases in 1979.	0
He talked about 20 minutes.	When he was through, the court members asked many questions.	1
The successful launch continues a remarkable recovery in the U.S. space-science program.	An unmanned spacecraft, Magellan, already is heading to Venus and is due to begin mapping the planet next August.	0
One day last March, CBS Sports President Neal Pilson and Olympics superagent Barry Frank met for lunch at the Lotos Club here.	Mr. Frank told Mr. Pilson that Olympics officials wanted $290 million or more for TV rights to the 1994 Winter Games in Norway.	1
Mr. Krenz may need a bit of time to consolidate his empire, which would do a lot to promote Reunification Scenario One.	Cartoonists in West Germany have already mocked the exodus by imagining an advertisement placed by Mr. Honecker: "Wanted: one people.	1
Iverson's earnings plunged 70% to $1.2 million.	The troubles continued in this year's first half, when profit plunged 81% to $302,000.	1
A series of newspaper articles accused the trust of short-changing the government over the Picop sale.	he has been notified of congressional hearings on the Picop bidding and possible legislation covering the paper mill's sale, both prompted by the criticism of the agency.	1
I was having a drink in Sardi's, when all of a sudden I saw a woman's backside coming up the steps on the second floor and she was wearing sequined slacks.	I knew it was someone important, so I followed her into the ladies room and sure enough, it was Liza.	1
At Chase Manhattan Bank in New York, for example, the yield on a small denomination six-month CD fell about a quarter of a percentage point to 8.06%.	In California, Bank of America dropped the yield on both six-month and one-year "savings" CDs to 8.33% from 8.61%.	0
the privately funded American Red Cross also finds itself strapped for funds after its big Hugo operation.	It's been a bad month money-wise and every other way.	0
But his inexperience raises doubts that he would have the political power to carry them out.	The 67-year-old Mr. Brizola has been vague about his intentions and often inflammatory in his rhetoric, but analysts say he probably would be pragmatic.	1
Educators added that Next needs to soon offer a color version of its computer.	Every major maker offers computers with color displays.	0
CD yields are generally expected to fall further in coming weeks.	What happened in the stock market and the bigger trade deficit" reported yesterday "make it unlikely that short-term interest rates will rise" any time soon.	0
Teijin was up 15 at 936, and Kyowa Hakko gained 30 to 1,770.	Mochida advanced 40 to 4,440.	0
the commission voted, as expected, to formally object to the accord between Air France, the state-owned airline, and state-controlled domestic carrier Air Inter.	the two companies will be notified so they can begin negotiations with Brussels on how to modify the pact.	1
GTE added 1 1/4 to 65 3/8.	PaineWebber repeated a buy recommendation on the stock and raised its 1990 earnings estimate by 35 cents a share, to $5.10.	1
which settled 6 pence a share lower at 753 ($12.10.	Hanson, with 15 million shares traded, closed 2.5 lower at 212.5.	0
His last published novel featuring private detective Philip Marlowe, the inferior "Playback" (1958), at times read almost like a parody of his previous work.	When he died in 1959, Chandler left behind four chapters of yet another Marlowe book, "The Poodle Springs Story," which seemed to go beyond parody into something like burlesque.	1
He lived with her.	He came to produce her records and her movies -- "A Star Is Born" and "The Main Event.	1
The Giants struck first, winning the opener, 3-1, on a two-run homer off Dodger right-hander Ralph Branca.	The Giants got swamped in the second game, 100, and trailed 4-1 going into the bottom of the ninth of the third and deciding game.	1
Richard D. Sutton, 64 years old, chairman of this bank-holding company, was named acting president and chief executive officer of the company and its First National Bank of Toms River subsidiary.	Joseph W. Robertson, 61, was dismissed from those posts.	1
Then, a scientific team led by molecular geneticist Webster Cavenee, then at the University of Utah, found the answer.	The team used a battery of the newly developed "gene probes," snippets of genetic material that can track a gene's presence in a cell.	1
that global forces will continue to govern Hong Kong's economic rhythm.	Once external conditions, such as U.S. demand, swing in the territory's favor local businessmen will probably overcome their 1997 worries and continue doing business as usual.	0
All of Japan's so-called Big Four securities firms have suffered setbacks in their attempts to break into foreign markets.	While they have moved to the fore in underwriting fixed-income securities in the Eurobond market -- mostly for Japanese firms -- they have been only marginally profitable, if at all, in the U.S.	0
H&R Block is one of the great success stories of U.S. business.	Oddly enough, this presents a problem for the stock.	0
I'm ecstatic about the change," said Mr. Vila.	In an interview, Mr. Vila criticized his old show, which is continuing with a new host.	0
They could also check through the orders on file to find a customer that was willing to accept a lower grade of polyethylene.	The computer would let the machine run just until that order was filled.	1
Indeed, the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom.	The lawyers went to work anyway, duly noting that the proceeding was taking place during a major earthquake.	0
The farmers ran a boycott, and meat disappeared from the shops.	On Aug. 1, the state tore up its controls, and food prices leaped.	1
Meanwhile, Boeing officials and representatives of the Machinists union met separately last night with a federal mediator in an attempt to break the month-old strike that has shut the aerospace giant's assembly lines at a time when it has an $80 billion backlog of jetliner orders.	The two sides were scheduled to meet with the mediator this morning.	0
For the nine months, Storage had net of $25.5 million, or 98 cents a share, including an $11.3 million extraordinary gain for the anticipated proceeds from liquidating an Irish unit.	Net was up 69% from $15.1 million, or 57 cents a share, last year.	1
in which the pilot of a training jet crashed into the ship, killing five sailors.	the flier was making his first attempt to land on a carrier.	0
ABC News has similarly branched out into entertainment gimmickry.	Prime Time Live," a new show this season featuring Sam Donaldson and Diane Sawyer, has a studio audience that applauds and that one night (to the embarrassment of the network) waved at the camera like the crowd on "Let's Make a Deal.	0
The threat came during a two-day celebration in Costa Rica to highlight Central America's progress toward democracy in the region, attended by President Bush, Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and 14 other Western Hemisphere leaders.	Mr. Bush returned to Washington Saturday night.	1
One way out of that dilemma could be a partial recapitalization in which the pilots would wind up sharing the value of their concessions with public shareholders.	The pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions, using the proceeds to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking.	1
Boston's Advent International raises $230 million from U.S. pension funds and other institutions to invest in Europe.	Other venture capitalists are already there: MMG Patricof Group and its Alan Patricof Associates, New York; Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co., Boston; and San Francisco's Hambrecht & Quist have about $800 million to invest in European companies.	0
it has purchased 3,350 acres from the federal government in Clark County and plans to begin construction early next year.	The new facility is expected to begin operations in early 1991.	1
A UAL statement after the market closed Monday indicated that the airline's board wanted to keep the company independent, effectively crushing hopes of an immediate buy-out.	Five minutes before the Big Board opened, a preliminary price was flashed for UAL -- somewhere between 135 and 155, a loss of as much as $43 a share from Monday's close.	1
A toxic-waste-dump fire destroyed part of an interstate highway this summer.	In Monmouth, an important swing area, Republican freeholders now run on a slogan promising to keep the county "clean and green.	0
the Cowboys lose the game.	A few days after that Sept. 17 game, Mr. Aikman broke a finger.	1
In presenting the study late last week, Dr. Warshaw estimated the cost of these types of disorders to business is substantial.	Occupational disability related to anxiety, depression and stress costs about $8,000 a case in terms of worker's compensation.	0
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349.	224 issues were unchanged.	0
In Australia, land of the outback, a snapshot of Jim Beam lies on a strip of hand-tooled leather.	West Germans get glitz, with bourbon in the foreground and a posh Beverly Hills hotel in the background.	0
UAL skidded 21 5/8 to 168 1/2 on 2.2 million shares.	On the week, UAL was down nearly 40%.	0
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $10,000 -- aren't reported.	this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting.	0
They have to work such long hours and then we expect them to be heroes if there's an evacuation.	it is considering changing its policy on flight attendants.	0
Tomorrow, Warner will file another batch of documents contending that "the essence of everything these guys are saying is basically lies.	Thursday, a judge is scheduled to rule on Warner's motion seeking to block the Guber-Peters duo from going to Columbia.	1
This will include the sale of its interest in the joint venture Beghin Corbehem to Feldemuehle AG.	The West German paper company entered the venture in April 1988 by acquiring a 50% stake, also from Beghin-Say.	1
Mr. Frank told Mr. Pilson that Olympics officials wanted $290 million or more for TV rights to the 1994 Winter Games in Norway.	The CBS official said that price sounded fine.	0
GTE added 1 1/4 to 65 3/8.	PaineWebber repeated a buy recommendation on the stock and raised its 1990 earnings estimate by 35 cents a share, to $5.10.	1
The company was founded in Sacramento in 1929 by two brothers, Ralph and Walter Merksamer, who operated as DeVon's Jewelers.	In 1979, the pair split the company in half, with Walter and his son, Sam, agreeing to operate under the Merksamer Jewelery name.	1
It hops on an issue that is unopposable -- cleaner air, better treatment of the disabled, better child care.	It comes up with a toned-down version of a Democratic proposal.	1
We are looking for representation we haven't had.	We've had dictation.	0
the grand jury has asked numerous questions about Jacob F. "Jake" Horton, the senior vice president of Gulf Power who died in the plane crash in April.	Mr. Horton oversaw Gulf Power's governmental-affairs efforts.	1
that the Japanese will take over that equipment market, too, unless U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy.	Failure of U.S. equipment makers would leave it dependent on many of the Japanese companies that compete with it in other parts of the market.	1
Republican Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania engaged the nominee in a verbal contest aimed at showing that Mr. Bork was willing to stretch the Constitution in one area (free speech) while remaining rigid in all the others.	It achieved a good media play, and enabled Sen. Specter and others to vote against Mr. Bork out of "conscience.	0
West Germany's 7% bond due October 1999 was at 99.95 late yesterday, off 0.10 point from Monday, to yield 7.01%.	The 6 3/4% notes due April 1994 were up 0.10 point to 97.85 to yield 7.31%.	1
But that doesn't necessarily mean thrifts are discriminating against blacks.	it doesn't have data on the financial position of applicants and thus can't determine why blacks are rejected more often.	0
Without Moscow's military and party behind it, East Germany runs the risk of disintegrating.	If it goes capitalist, and increases trade with West Germany, it will convert itself, willy-nilly, into an economic annex of the Federal Republic.	0
Profits improved across Hess's businesses.	Refining and marketing earnings climbed to $33.3 million from $12.9 million, and exploration and production earnings rose to $37.1 million from $17.9 million.	0
Monday's rally continued yesterday for only about 20 minutes after the opening.	even though there was arbitrage buying in New York because of the weak dollar, cocoa fell to relentless pressure from bearish traders.	1
Courtaulds has been under pressure to enhance shareholder value since takeover speculators -- including Australian financier Kerry Packer -- surfaced holding small stakes last year.	Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake, Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy.	0
Big Board short interest fell 4.2% for the month ended Oct. 13, the second decline in a row.	Borrowed shares on the Amex rose to another record.	1
But internal church documents clearly show that at its publicity-seeking heights, as when it organized a spectacular Yankee Stadium bicentennial rally in 1976, there actually were only about 2,000 full-time Unification Church members in the U.S.	Mr. Moon's support for a Watergate-beleaguered Richard Nixon, the Koreagate scandal, and his prison sentence for income-tax evasion did not help the church's recruitment efforts.	1
You can't give it up that easily.	I tried.	0
Since then, the government has left observers wondering if it ever meant to join.	Sir Alan assailed the monetary arrangement as "half-baked" in an article being published in an American economics journal.	0
Amstrad, a British computer hardware and communications equipment maker, eased 4 to 47.	It announced a 52% plunge in pretax profit for the latest year.	1
it also lowered the ratings of $70 million of Pinnacle's MeraBank thrift unit long-term deposits to B-3 from B-2, and on its subordinated debt to Ca from Caa.	MeraBank's rating for short-term deposits remains Not Prime.	1
The rally brought the gain so far this week to about 114 points.	The dollar finished mixed, while gold declined.	1
Winnebago Industries slid 5/8 to 5 1/4.	The company, which reported that its loss for the fiscal quarter ended Aug. 26 widened from a year earlier, cut its semiannual dividend in half in response to the earnings weakness.	1
investors should consider selling if there has been a fundamental change in a company since they bought its stock.	Say you purchased a stock because of a new product that was in the works.	0
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled 39.55 points, to 2613.73, in active trading.	Long-term Treasury bonds ended slightly higher.	1
If HDTV takes off in the U.S., there will be demand for some 4,000 to 5,000 HDTV converters, known in the industry as telecines.	Demand will come first from programming production companies and then from television stations.	0
Indeed, the U.S. unit edged lower as the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped about 13 points in early trading.	A slight recovery in the stock market gave currency traders confidence to push the dollar higher.	1
We had just finished phase two" of the Cypress project that involved installing a series of retaining cables designed to prevent sections of the roadway from separating as a result of seismic shock.	After completing installation of the jackets on "one frame" of the freeway last year, the state DOT had sent the project over to its Sacramento engineers to draw up a final design.	1
Last week Warner filed a $1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters.	Sony promptly countersued, charging Warner with trying to sabotage its acquisitions and hurt its efforts to enter the U.S. movie business.	1
the consumer price index reflects a more significant slowdown in the U.S. economy than earlier indicated.	that September's producer-price index showed a 0.9% increase.	0
That's not character.	That's hyperventilating.	0
The economy's stutter steps leave investors wondering whether things are slowing down or speeding up.	So often are government statistics revised that they seem to resemble a spinning weather vane.	0
The industry has been waiting with bated breath for the machines to come along.	that industry executives have until now worried that they would face a severe shortage of programs once consumers begin replacing their TV sets with HDTVs.	0
The last Series sweep, by the Cincinnati Reds, came in 1976, which also was the first year of baseball player free agency.	It was widely predicted that free agency would allow the glamorous, "big market" teams to monopolize the best talent.	1
There is a recognizable musical style here, but not a particular performance style.	The music is not especially pianistic.	0
Using the new technique developed by Cetus Corp., called the polymerase chain reaction, the scientists rapidly made millions of copies of the section of DNA that ordinarily contains the hemoglobin gene, providing enough copies to test.	A genetic probe showed the hemoglobin gene was missing.	1
Unknown to Mr. Tharp, he had fouled his net on a special IRS project to catch catfish farmers and haulers inclined to cheat on their taxes.	Confronted with the evidence, Mr. Tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return and was fined $5,000 and sentenced to 18 months in prison.	1
Fruit of the Loom slipped 1/8 to 12 3/8 on 501,200 shares.	DWG Corp. jumped 1 1/4 to 15 on 454,100 shares.	0
The firms have all said that West Virginia's suit is without merit.	On Friday, the firms filed a suit against West Virginia in New York state court asking for a declaratory judgment absolving them of liability.	1
and domestic car sales have plunged 19% since the Big Three ended many of their programs Sept. 30.	GM, Ford and Chrysler have already cut fourth-quarter U.S. output plans an estimated 15% from 1988 levels.	0
Comprehensive Care plunged 4 3/4 to 3 5/8 on 1.2 million shares.	The company reported a third-quarter loss and said it is holding talks with its bank lenders for an extension on some overdue debt payments.	1
Debora Foster takes off her necklace, settles herself on a padded chair and gently leans forward.	With a jazz-piano tape playing softly in the background, the soothing hands of Sabina Vidunas begin to work on Ms. Foster's neck and shoulders.	1
At least 270 people were reported killed and 1,400 injured in the rush-hour tremor that caused billions of dollars of damage along 100 miles of the San Andreas fault.	Bush declared the region a major disaster area and the military was mobilized to prevent looting.	1
Penney decided to extend its involvement with the service for at least five years.	If, by that time, the network reaches 14 million homes, the contract will be renewed for five more years.	1
He last made waves when he dared to defend an Indian girl who had been adopted by non-Indian parents off her reservation.	Mr. Allen quickly ran up against the liberal establishment again, which somehow elevated the vague concept of "Indian rights" above the rights of individual Indians.	1
I rode it out on the second floor of Leo's at 55th and Telegraph in Oakland.	I heard parts of the building above my head cracking.	1
In addition to his previous real-estate investment and asset-management duties, Mr. Meador takes responsibility for development and property management.	Those duties had been held by Van Pell, 44.	1
Mr. McDonough was born in Tokyo and attended 19 schools in places ranging from Hong Kong to Shaker Heights, Ohio, before entering Dartmouth College.	He earned a master's degree in architecture from Yale.	1
The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company and somebody says, "Aw heck, guys, nobody can do it like Japan or South Korea," I wish you would butt in and say, "Hold it, fellas, why don't we compare prices and use our own little Third World country.	We would even save on freight.	0
In 1986, Unocal sold a 7.5% stake in the Veslefrikk field to Deutsche Erdolversorgungs G.m.b..H., a West German oil company, for an undisclosed amount.	In 1987, it sold a 2.5% stake in the Veslefrikk field to the Swedish national oil company.	1
that an inventory of Pinkerton's memorabilia disclosed that one of the watches hadn't been forked over by American Brands.	American Brand's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton's in an amount as yet {to be} determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained.	0
The small, wiry Mr. Morishita comes across as an outspoken man of the world.	Stretching his arms in his silky white shirt and squeaking his black shoes, he lectures a visitor about the way to sell American real estate and boasts about his friendship with Margaret Thatcher's son.	1
The new facility is expected to begin operations in early 1991.	The Henderson plant will continue its other chemical operations.	0
Our pilot simply laughed, fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us, oh, a good 12-inches above the water level.	We scuttled along for a few feet before he plunged us into the drink again.	1
However, a catalyst like Coniston could seek shareholder support for a sale to a labor-management group at the last price discussed by that group before the board meeting Monday.	The pilots had been working on a buy-out bid between $225 and $240 a share, or $5.09 billion to $5.42 billion.	1
The surge in production raises questions about capacity outpacing demand.	that most of the new plants will come on line in 1992, when the current import trade restraint program ends, which could result in more imports.	0
The $14 billion level in June marked a drop from $19 billion at the end of April.	China's last big import binge sent reserves tumbling to $10.6 billion in June 1985 from $16.6 billion the previous September.	1
Mr. Lorin responded, "No.	When Mr. Lang asked Mr. Lorin whether he had taken steps to have Mr. Laff killed, the witness again said no.	1
So far, Mr. Paul has unloaded but three of his masterpieces, he won't say to whom.	The comptroller's office says it is "monitoring the situation.	1
Merchant banker Morgan Grenfell climbed 14 to 406 on renewed takeover speculation.	S.G. Warburg, also mentioned in the rumor mill, jumped 14 at to 414.	1
he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed.	It sure smells like it.	0
The only people who are flying are those who have to.	How is a travel agent going to sell a holiday when he cannot guarantee a return flight.	0
The TVA, in fact, decided to proceed with the bond offering following an agreement last week with the Financing Bank.	The Treasury contended that TVA couldn't borrow from both it and the public debt market.	1
Many takeover-related stocks rose after news that a group obtained financing commitments for the proposed buy-out of American Medical International Inc.	Among the biggest winners were brokerage-house stocks, responding to heavy trading volume.	0
China, under the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek, was a founding member of GATT in 1947.	The Nationalists withdrew in 1950, after their flight to Taiwan.	1
For the nine months, Jefferies said net fell 39%, to $6.8 million, or $1.07 a share, from $11.1 million, or $1.50 a share.	Revenue fell 3%, to $105.2 million from $108.4 million.	1
The government's 136-page filing covers events leading up to the current case and an earlier indictment in March 1985, when GE was accused of defrauding the Pentagon by illegally claiming cost overruns on Minuteman missile contracts.	GE pleaded guilty and paid a fine of more than $1 million in the Minuteman case, which involved some of the same individuals and operations that are at the center of the dispute in the Philadelphia court.	1
that what happened last week "may not be enough of an adjustment.	There's either more to come or an extremely long period of dullness.	0
These rate indications aren't directly comparable.	lending practices vary widely by location.	0
Mr. Noriega made plans to fly to Washington for a meeting with his counterpart at the Pentagon.	Dade County and federal authorities, learning that he intended to fly through Miami, made plans to arrest him on the gun-running charges as soon as he hit U.S. soil.	1
that the worm gets into a computer center by looking for obvious passwords -- such as ones that are the same as the user's name.	If it finds one and gets into the system, it will display a screen when a user logs on that says, "Worms Against Nuclear Killers. . . . You talk of times of peace for all, and then prepare for war.	1
He apologizes for sounding pushy.	Look," he says, "If the rest of South Africa wants to have an integrated melting pot, that's their choice.	1
Under the proposal, a President would have a chance twice each year to return a package of "rescissions" to the Hill -- once when he proposes his budget and again after Congress disposes.	Congress would have 20 days to reject the package with a 50% majority.	1
The GAO has recommended the creation of a system to record trade data so that an independent, verifiable audit trail can be established to prevent customer fraud.	The Merc is now cooperating with the Comex in developing such a device to provide such an audit trail.	0
that in the eye cancer, an infant inherited a damaged copy of a gene from one parent and a normal copy from the other.	The tumor developed when the second, normal copy also was damaged.	1
Dunkin' Donuts' announcement followed DD Acquisition's request to the Delaware Court of Chancery Monday to set a trial date for its suit against the company.	The trial had been postponed to allow Dunkin' Donuts to seek alternatives to DD Acquisition's offer.	1
To the professionals in the trade it didn't cause much surprise.	The March futures contract traded as high as 14.24 cents, but couldn't sustain the advance.	0
A few months later, Mr. Bush became Ronald Reagan's running mate.	Suddenly, George Bush the pro-choice advocate became George Bush the anti-abortionist.	1
In 1983 "extended wear" versions, designed to be worn for 30 days at a time, wree offered.	Eighteen months ago a "disposable" seven-day model bowed.	1
Eastern eventually decided not to sell off a major chunk, its South American routes, which were valued at $400 million.	Such a change meant the reorganization plan the creditors had agreed on was no longer valid, and the two sides had to begin negotiating again.	0
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled 39.55 points, to 2613.73, in active trading.	Long-term Treasury bonds ended slightly higher.	1
As a result, he took the lead in arguing that the cut should be blocked on procedural grounds.	He helped persuade 10 of these senators to support him and Majority Leader George Mitchell on these grounds.	1
What's he doing?" hissed my companion, who was the only other English-speaking member of the convention and whose knuckles were white.	Attention," yelled our pilot as our basket plunged into the canal.	1
In particular, "shadowing" a currency is anything but fixing.	it is an open announcement that the exchange rate target has no credibility.	0
Stephen N. Wertheimer was named managing director and group head of investment banking in Asia, based in Tokyo.	Mr. Wertheimer, 38 years old, had been a first vice president in the industrial group in investment banking.	1
But wait a second.	Westridge Capital is an index fund -- the type of stolid long-term investor whose goal is to be nothing more than average.	0
Tiger itself was founded by a band of gungho airmen who had airlifted supplies "over the Hump" from India to China during World War II.	In the early 1970s, Mr. Smith modeled his fledgling company on Tiger's innovation of hub-and-spoke and containerized-cargo operations.	1
Mr. Pilson is an unlikely big spender.	In the mid-1980s he sniped at rivals for paying reckless prices.	0
Some hotels in the hurricane-stricken Caribbean promise money-back guarantees.	In Myrtle Beach, S.C., the damaged Yachtsman Resort offers daily rates as low as $35, or as much as 22% below regular prices.	1
With fast-food outlets on every corner, he, like many, doesn't think he has a choice in the price war.	Our customers say that they won't go into a fast-food store unless they get a coupon.	0
At about 10:10 a.m. EDT, the market abruptly turned upward on stock-index arbitrage buy programs.	By day's end, the Dow industrials had rebounded 88.12 points, or nearly half of Friday's drop.	0
that "public TV never paid me more than $40,000 a year.	his compensation under the Sears contract is "a multimillion dollar deal.	0
The investment bank has previously announced that as part of its punishment it would create an independent foundation to promote ethical behavior in the securities industry.	A proviso to that promise is that a minimum of 35 states reach settlement agreements before next Tuesday.	0
Chicago's new school chief is the hard-nosed Ted Kimbrough.	At his old job in Compton, Calif., he took a bitter teachers' strike and nearly came to blows with a school-board member.	1
Saturday morning, a resident was given 15 minutes to scurry into a sagging building and reclaim what she could of her life's possessions.	Saturday night she dined in an emergency shelter on salmon steaks prepared by chefs from one of the city's four-star restaurants.	1
The oat-bran craze has cost the world's largest cereal maker market share.	The company's president quit suddenly.	0
Like just about everything else, that remains to be seen.	Aftershocks could intervene.	0
There are drawbacks.	No one makes deals . . . and most of the films have been seen before at other festivals.	0
they plan to appeal.	he hasn't decided whether he will resign.	1
Once activated, the card would sit in the car's window.	When the motorist returned to his car he could turn the card off.	1
that there also had been damage of the sort reported by my friend.	Outside, I spotted two young men lugging blocks of concrete.	0
that -- unlike manufacturing -- retailing is extremely sensitive to local cultures and life styles.	the Europeans and Canadians stumble in the U.S. market.	0
IRA rules have been changed over the years.	One in 1981 raised to $2,000 a year from $1,500 the amount a person could put, tax-deductible, into the tax-deferred accounts and widened coverage to people under employer retirement plans.	0
In one ingenious recent example of a Newport Beach boiler room, prospective investors in Capital Trust Inc. were allegedly told that their investment in precious metals was insured against losses "caused by employees due to dishonesty, destruction or disappearance," according to an indictment handed up by a federal grand jury in Los Angeles last month.	Thus falsely reassured, investors sent $11.4 million to the Newport Beach company, most of which was diverted to unauthorized uses.	1
At the same time, personal income was held down by the effects of Hurricane Hugo.	personal income rose 0.3% in September to a $4.469 trillion rate but would have climbed 0.6% had it not been for the storm.	0
His approach to the recantation is direct but low-key.	For some time, we had forecast negative third- and fourth-quarter growth..We pulled that forecast.	0
In the House-passed tax bill, Mr. Thevenot got his wish.	real-estate assets are included in the capital-gains provision.	0
But often nothing's resolved,.To my frustration and fury.	With pros and cons in limbo,.I feel like a hung jury.	0
It comes up with a toned-down version of a Democratic proposal.	The bill gets signed into law.	1
His company, without any major effort, sells more machines in China than in Japan.	Although it has opened a New Zealand subsidiary, it is still only "studying" Japan, the only nation that hasn't adopted IBM-oriented specifications.	0
that are being rewritten by the panel and the White House.	The rewriting was launched at a meeting between Mr. Bush and intelligence committee leaders Oct. 12.	0
Ten years ago, a physician would go to a town and take out a loan (to start a practice).	They won't do that very often today at all.	0
Why Mr. Jackson has made some of his checks available for sale isn't clear.	He probably hasn't done it for the cash.	0
The embryo had progressed only to a clump of eight identical cells.	One cell was teased out, and its DNA extracted.	1
the Mirage and other projects will help Las Vegas attract a whole new generation of visitors.	If you create a wonderment, if you create something so exciting that the public dreams of being part of it, then they'll come.	0
Magnetic brain tweaking started in the early 1900s, when researchers produced flashes of light in the visual field with magnets.	In the 1960s, Mayo Clinic researchers developed magnetic devices to stimulate motor nerves in the hand and other limbs.	1
What tongue to speak is an emotional mine field in the Philippines.	It is entrenched in the country's colonial bonds to the U.S., in Philippine class structure, in the regional loyalties of its people and in its island geography.	0
We designed a comprehensive program, and we worked hard on it.	In the Reagan administration we designed a comprehensive program; we worked very hard on it.	1
which at least have clear brand images.	Merkur, as an import on domestic car lots, suffered from the same sort of image confusion that is hobbling sales of imports at General Motors Corp. and Chrysler Corp.	0
The 220 pilots involved in the suit aren't members of the union.	The airline had allowed them to move ahead of some union members in seniority following the 1985 strike, a move the union had contested in a previous lawsuit.	1
When Keizaikai launched Business Tokyo in 1987, it appealed to a more multinational audience.	The magazine was overhauled with the aid of American magazine design gurus Milton Glaser and Walter Bernard.	1
on which it is pinning much of its hope for survival.	it is the first with an 80-megabyte drive.	0
The deficit was 466 billion lire in August.	For the first nine months, the trade deficit was 14.933 trillion lire, compared with 10.485 trillion lire in the year-earlier period.	0
The stock tumbled 2 3/4 on news that it might have to take a charge against earnings if it can't successfully resolve a dispute with its European licensee, Boehringer Mannheim, over its anti-anemia drug, EPO.	The stock recovered somewhat to finish 1 1/4 lower at 26 1/4.	1
The bank said the C$1 billion in reserves will result in a charge of C$595 million against earnings but said it still expects to report a profit for the year ending Tuesday.	The bank reported net income of C$389 million for the nine months ended July 31.	1
One Board member, Bronx Borough President Ferdinand Ferrer, was said to be so impatient with Mr. Dinkins's behavior at many meetings that he withheld his support for Mr. Dinkins's mayoral effort until late in the primary campaign.	I had some problem from time to time on the length of time he would take to make up his mind.	0
Robert P. Bulseco, 44 years old, was named president and chief administrative officer of this regional commercial bank.	Both posts had been vacant.	1
By early May, Moscow had delivered, for example, 1,000 trucks, about 100 tanks, artillery and hundreds of other combat vehicles.	Later that month, it added an entire tank brigade, including 120 T-72 tanks and more than 40 BMP state-of-the-art infantry fighting vehicles.	1
The posters were sold for $1,300 to $6,000, although the government says they had a value of only $53 to $200 apiece.	about 1,000 customers were defrauded and that Barclay's total proceeds from the sales were $3.4 million.	0
as Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake.	By a lopsided 97-1 margin, the Senate approved the measure after attaching further provisions sought by the influential California delegation and, despite reservations, the House adopted the bill on a 303-107 roll call.	1
they were considering the new reporting requirements, and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations.	The Treasury is still working out the details with bank trade associations and the other government agencies that have a hand in fighting money laundering.	1
It also contends that Young & Rubicam never told the tourist board about its relationship with Ad Ventures, a Jamaican firm hired by the agency.	The U.S. indictment charges Ad Ventures was a front used to funnel kickbacks to the then-minister of tourism.	1
But then they put two loaded pistols to his temple and demanded he open the safe.	When he initially refused they stabbed him in the back and made off with $2,000 and 280 blank tickets.	1
its operating cash flow declined in the quarter for its magazine division, its books division and the Home Box Office programming division.	In magazines, higher advertising revenues at Sports Illustrated and Fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines..The programming division saw a decline in operating cash flow because the year-ago quarter included a $12 million dividend from Turner Broadcasting System and because the quarter includes expenses associated with the Nov. 15 launch of HBO's Comedy Channel.	0
but simply to assert that the Constitution already implicitly gives him the power to exercise a line-item veto.	Such an assertion most likely would bring about a court challenge from Congress that would clarify whether a president already has such power.	1
what could lead to the breakup of Santa Fe Pacific into free-standing companies for its railroad and energy operations, as well as real estate.	The debt-laden parent has been under pressure from large shareholders to boost the company's share price.	0
The main problem stems from the fact that "the GDR is different" from other East European states.	What kind of right to exist would a capitalist German Democratic Republic have alongside a capitalist Federal Republic.	0
Convertible capital appreciation bonds with a final stated maturity of Nov. 15, 2014, convert Nov. 15, 1999.	Convertible capital appreciation bonds with a final stated maturity of Nov. 15, 2019, convert Nov. 15, 2004.	0
One can hardly overemphasize the importance of her rear end," Ms. Rose writes.	Ms. Rose quickly proceeds to overemphasize, claiming that Baker's dancing "had uncovered a new region for desire" and thereby ignoring centuries of tributes to the callipygous.	1
Unreported alimony income can be spotted by computer because a payer of alimony (who gets a deduction) must report the former spouse's Social Security number.	Passport applicants now must give Social Security numbers, enabling the IRS to see whether Americans living abroad are filing required U.S. returns.	0
Judging by the crush at the exhibition, deprived Soviet consumers are more than ready for U.S. products.	Hundreds of people lined up every day at the Colgate-Palmolive Co. stand to receive a free tube of toothpaste, a commodity in chronically short supply here.	0
On top of this, the traveler who converts his dollars into foreign currency before the trip starts will lose interest from the day of conversion.	At the end of the trip, any unspent foreign exchange will have to be converted back into dollars, with another commission due.	0
Still, Britain's current slump is a cause for concern here.	Compared with the major economies on the Continent, the U.K. faces both higher inflation and lower growth in the next several months.	0
Mr. Rey as having a fortune of about 1.5 billion Swiss francs.	No one in Switzerland ever came so far so fast.	0
Sometimes, the ads attempt to raise money.	always, they try to boost good will.	0
Exxon's charges aren't relevant because tests conducted during the first two days following the spill showed that the dispersant wasn't working anyway.	Use of dispersants was approved when a test on the third day showed some positive results.	0
North has told Noriega's representative that U.S. law forbade such actions.	The representative responded that Noriega had numerous assets in place in Nicaragua and could accomplish many essential things, just as Noriega had helped {the U.S.} the previous year in blowing up a Sandinista arsenal.	1
Congressmen raised the issue yesterday at a hearing.	Mr. Breeden, not missing a chance to press his agenda, cited the earthquake.	1
Traders nervously watching their Quotron electronic-data machines yesterday morning were stunned to see the Dow Jones Industrial Average plummet 99 points in seconds.	A minute later it soared 128 points.	1
In a matter of minutes, she was back, with a tall, silver-haired man in tow.	She crouched down by the car window and addressed her husband with her favorite nickname.	1
it isn't clear what, exactly, West Germany wants.	Any push for a Gorbachev vision of a "common European home," implying the eventual dissolution of the EC, a Soviet-German partnership and the withdrawal of U.S. forces, "would be a very, very serious problem.	0
Eventually we came to rest in a soggy patch of field where we had the exquisite pleasure of scrambling out of the basket into the mud while the French half of our ballooning tag team scrambled in.	I looked at my watch.	1
how Gen. Noriega was able to use his relationships with these agencies to delay U.S. action against him, and to exploit the administration's obsession with overthrowing the Sandinistas to protect his own drug-dealing.	the Reagan administration knew that Gen. Noriega was involved with narcotics, but made a decision in the summer of 1986 "to put Gen. Noriega on the shelf until Nicaragua was settled.	0
Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev's need for "a stable currency, free and competitive markets, private property and real prices" and other pie-in-the-sky reforms.	Perhaps he'd have called for "a decentralized political and economic system" without a dominant communist party.	0
This is indeed what the market decided.	By 1982 the ratio was 43.5%, meaning that the market was valuing every dollar's worth of the average firm's assets at 43 cents.	0
Staffers at Thompson, whose offices are in the ultramodern Embarcadero Center, watched pictures drop from the walls and then felt the skyscraper sway seven to eight feet, according to a spokeswoman.	Plaster fell and windows were broken at Chiat/Day/Mojo.	1
Let's assume that {former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom} Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with {Vietnamese-backed Cambodian leader} Hun Sen.	Is the trouble over.	1
The fledgling science went corporate in 1977 when International Business Machines Corp. hired a marketing professor to help defend a complex antitrust case.	The problem for IBM trial lawyers Thomas Barr and David Boies was how to make such a highly technical case understandable.	1
She is almost cavalier about the possibility Vietnam's reforms will create rivals on her home turf.	I don't mind the competition inside the country," she says.	0
So he splashed the information on handbills that he distributed throughout the banana-exporting city of Puerto Armuelles, which was ruled by United Fruit Co.	The campaign so divided union leaders that the government found them far easier to control.	1
Dual trading is definitely worth saving.	It adds something to the market.	0
Non-executive directors of Qintex Australia, who must approve payments to the senior executives, balked at the amount.	Two of the directors resigned so the payments haven't yet been approved.	1
on sales of $247 million.	Sales for the just-ended period fell to about $225 million.	0
The worm also looks for elementary passwords that confer more privileges on the user..The passwords are included in the system software when it is installed but are supposed to be replaced as soon as the system is up and running.	If it finds one of those passwords, Mr. Alexander said, the worm will do such things as change users' passwords to a series of random numbers, preventing them from signing on to the network.	1
The previous sale was $436,000 on Oct. 17.	the last time prices were that low was November 1985, when a seat sold for $425,000.	0
For example, the chief executive himself now pays 20% of the cost of his health benefits.	the company used to pay 100%.	1
The potential is displayed along every road into Warsaw: row upon row of greenhouses, stretching out behind modern mansions that trumpet their owners' wealth.	Vegetables are abundant and full of flavor in Poland, the pickles and sauerkraut sublime, the state monopolies long broken.	0
Made of sand, it receives around-the-clock maintainence against the battering waves.	When the mining in front of the wall is complete, it is moved northward.	1
In 1987, an average 19.7% of Big Board volume was retail business, with the monthly level never more than 21.4%.	The retail participation dropped to an average 18.2% in 1988, and shriveled to barely 14% some months during the year.	1
But the computer didn't play Mr. Short's ninth move, a key pawn thrust, and its position deteriorated rapidly.	Instead of castling, a standard measure to safeguard the king, D.T. made a second-rate rook maneuver at move 13.	1
According to military officers at the time, word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting.	On Monday, U.S. officials received a routine, unclassified message from the military group commander in Panama.	1
Nothing seems hard here.	The breezes are soft, the waves lap gently and the palm trees sway lazily.	0
The trade surplus with Europe was pegged at $414 million, down 57% from a year ago.	South Korean exports to Europe dropped 5.3% to $3.02 billion while imports from there went up 17% to $2.61 billion.	1
Living there for six years was really scary.	The ghosts of the past are everywhere.	0
Collectors don't say "It's a van Gogh" anymore.	They say, `Johnny Payson got $53 million for his, so certainly $10 million isn't too much for mine.	0
Elsewhere, share prices rebounded in Hong Kong, Sydney, Singapore, Wellington, Taipei, Manila and Seoul.	In Hong Kong, Sydney and Singapore stocks recovered one-third to one-half of the ground they lost in Monday's plunge, with major market indexes posting gains of 3.6% to 4.4%.	0
With the new service, American will fly 161 flights a week to 17 European cities.	The additions solidify American's position as the third-largest U.S. transatlantic carrier, behind PanAm Corp. 's Pan American World Airways and Trans World Airlines.	0
He was brought to the company in September 1988 after 15 years at Los Angeles-based First Interstate Bancorp.	The bank had been suffering in late 1987 from a slew of bad real estate loans made in Arizona.	1
Its best hope of acceptance by its neighbours lies in reaching a settlement with the Palestinians.	Like Lebanon, Israel is being remade by demography.	0
Industries in both countries have requested a speedup of tariff cuts on hundreds of products.	Some tariffs were eliminated when the trade pact took effect Jan. 1.	1
Public Service of New Hampshire went up 3/8 to 4.	Northeast Utilities boosted its offer to acquire the company by $400 million, to $2.25 billion.	1
Anne Burford, the former EPA chief who resigned under fire in 1983 during a flap with Congress, was kayoed in the confrontation.	She worked part-time as a consultant and wrote a book.	1
The announcement seemed to further damp prospects that talks between Qintex Australia and MGM/UA might be revived.	that MGM/UA recently contacted Rupert Murdoch's News Corp to see if the company was still interested.	0
One party could stand for consumer interests, small government, free trade and globalism to put Japan clearly among the most developed and open countries.	The other party could continue on the traditional track of the LDP, representing the manufacturers' preference for larger government, control, regulation and protectionism.	0
It's an "absolute necessity" to get out of junk bonds when a recession is in the offing.	Such bonds are very sensitive to the downside.	0
net jumped to $87 million, or $2.02 a share, from $58 million, or $1.40 a share, a year earlier.	Sales increased 36% to $683 million from $502 million.	1
Earlier this year, Dataproducts had rejected a $15 a share offer from DPC, saying it wasn't adequately financed.	DPC last week launched a new, $10-a-share offer for the Woodland Hills, Calif.-based computer printer maker.	1
The second time he identified two robbers, who were arrested and charged.	Two weeks later -- perhaps in retaliation -- Mr. Ortiz was shot three times in the back, during what police classified as a third robbery attempt.	1
This is indeed what the data indicate, particularly in the case of the House.	The Democratic House attendance rate has not exceeded the Republican House attendance rate since 1959.	0
The media concern said net income rose to $37.8 million, or 72 cents a share, from $32 million, or 57 cents a share, in the year-earlier period.	The latest results include a gain of $4.2 million, or eight cents a share, on the sale of television stations in Oklahoma City and Flint, Mich.	0
Once fat and happy, the Cowboys now are losing games, fans and money.	Last year, the team ended up $2 million in the red on $30 million in revenue.	0
One generation ago, Mom joined Dad.	Now, in the `90s, we're headed toward a total resort environment.	1
that privilege's purpose is "fostering harmony in marriage.	Because Mr. Marcos died Sept. 28, the privilege can no longer apply.	0
If I become president, I'll make every piece of information this country has about UFO sightings available to the public, and the scientists.	I am convinced that UFOs exist because I have seen one.	0
By default," the dollar probably will be able to hold up pretty well in coming days.	We're close to the bottom" of the near-term ranges.	0
Emergency measures would be introduced to ease the country's financial crisis, notably its $200 billion budget deficit.	By the end of next year, all loss-making state enterprises would be put out of business or handed over to workers who would buy or lease them or turn them into cooperatives.	0
New York authorities reacted with concern and even some anger to the idea of the nation's third-largest corporation leaving without giving them an opportunity to accommodate it.	We are dismayed, but there's nothing we can do about it now," said Stanley Grayson, New York City deputy mayor for finance and economic development.	0
Power failures kept just seven of its 1,500 automated-teller machines off-line.	Securities-trading operations were moved to Bank of America's Concord office, and foreign-exchange trading operations were shifted to Los Angeles, the bank said.	1
An Arkansas native, he started at guard on the undefeated 1964 University of Arkansas team that won a national championship.	After college, he worked at his father's insurance company in Little Rock, and in 1966 led an aborted attempt to buy the San Diego Chargers.	1
The end of the first half, however, brought what the standing-room-only crowd seemed to be waiting for: the pop singer Judy Collins, who appears on "Inner Voices.	Glamorous and pure-voiced as ever, Ms. Collins sang Joni Mitchell's "For Free" -- about an encounter with a street-corner clarinetist, to which Mr. Stoltzman contributed a clarinet obligatto -- and Mr. Douglas's lush setting of a Gaelic blessing, "Deep Peace.	0
The chemical segment had a $6 million gain on the sale of ammonia and urea businesses, which was offset by a $6 million charge for future environmental expenditures.	Profit in Olin's defense and ammunition segment rose to $8 million from $7 million.	0
Rate settlements in Minnesota and Colorado depressed U S West's third-quarter profit.	net income dropped 8.9%.	0
Mr. Holmes was the subject of a page one profile in The Wall Street Journal in 1984, after the SEC questioned him about ties between him and companies he touted in a newsletter.	In 1986 Mr. Holmes was enjoined from violating the stock-registration and anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws.	1
That is, if the company reported results correctly.	The Asahi Shimbun, a Japanese daily, last month reported that Aichi revised its tax calculations after being challenged for allegedly failing to report all of its income to tax authorities over a two-year period.	0
Elsewhere, share prices closed higher in Amsterdam, Brussels, Milan and Paris.	Prices were mixed in Zurich and lower in Stockholm.	1
Barry felt very committed.	He felt we should be giving something back.	0
Ten days ago he was asked to amplify the reasons behind his anti-abortion stance.	My position is well-known and well-stated," he replied.	1
A month later, Mr. Jefferies was spared a jail term by a federal judge who praised him for helping the government.	In August, Mr. Lewis pleaded guilty to three felony counts.	1
it plans to seek regulatory approval to build an alternative line, the Alaska Natural Gas Transportation System further north toward Alaska.	If that option is favored by gas buyers and regulators it would build another smaller pipeline connecting Mackenzie Delta reserves to the Alaska mainline.	1
The $475,000 sale price earlier this month was the lowest in nearly three years.	Exchange seats hit a peak of $1,150,000 in September 1987.	1
that so far, three of the six schools that carried the program in a five-week test last spring have subscribed to the program.	One of the test schools, Withrow High School in Cincinnati, rejected the project.	0
Growth stocks will return to favor because of the jitters caused by the market's steep slide on Oct. 13, and because of the current swell of disappointing earnings announcements announcements.	Against such a backdrop, companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20% or so annually have extra appeal.	0
UAL's advisers have indicated previously that it may take a while to come forward with a revised plan since they want to have firm bank commitments before launching a new bid.	They have maintained that banks remain interested in financing the transaction.	1
but the size of the cut took many Western bankers by surprise.	It's much bigger than we expected," said one German banker.	0
Still the Salinger decision created a strong presumption against fair use of unpublished materials.	that a few of Mr. Miller's quotations from Mr. Hubbard's unpublished writings, because they were not necessary to prove historical points, failed the fair-use test and therefore infringed copyright.	0
Another -- and critical -- factor is the U.S., Hong Kong's biggest export market.	Even before the China crisis, weak U.S. demand was slowing local economic growth.	0
The heat energy plus the energy consumed by the breakup of the water molecules added to far more energy coming out of the apparatus than electrical energy going in.	Because they also detected tritium and indications of nuclear radiation, they asserted that the "excess" heat energy must be coming from energy released by the nuclear fusion of deuterium atoms inside the palladium rod.	0
Most of the money was lent to a series of shell companies in Panama and Luxembourg that were owned, directly or indirectly, by the Vatican bank.	The Vatican paid $250 million to the Milan bank's creditors as a "goodwill gesture" in 1985.	1
that, barring a recession and a further strengthening of the dollar against foreign currencies, the industry isn't headed for a prolonged slump.	It won't be an earthshaking drop.	0
In addition to turning down the compromise, Judge Harold C. Abramson said he would allow a claim of only $19.7 million.	Minpeco attorneys said they would appeal the decision to a federal district court.	1
Mr. Schwarz, 52 years old, will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1.	Mr. Schwarz, who is president of U.S. Trust, will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer, 42.	0
Just this week, the House-Senate conference met -- 231 conferees, divided into 26 different subconferences.	Senator Daniel Inouye agreed to close some bases in Hawaii in exchange for such goodies as $11 million for a parking lot at Walter Reed Hospital.	1
Lower House elections must take place before June.	In the current mood of the Japanese people, journalists and even some industrialists, giving power to the Socialists might be good for the LDP.	0
In 1984, the Costa Rican government requested help to establish a radio station in the northern part of the country, flooded by airwaves of Sandinista propaganda.	Recovering radiophonic sovereignty was the purpose of Radio Costa Rica, funded by the U.S. and affiliated with the Voice of America (VOA.	1
Of 14 activities, the Journal survey found that 12 -- including bicycling, skiing and swimming -- are being done by fewer Americans today than eight years ago.	Time pressures and the ebb of the fitness fad are cited as reasons for the decline.	0
These people are very skilled at finding out what makes a person tick.	Once they size them up, then they know what buttons to push.	0
but other murkier issues will play a big role.	Sony and the Guber-Peters team are hanging much of their case on Warner's willingness last year to release the producers from another contract and on an oral agreement they say allowed them to terminate the current written contract if the opportunity to run a major studio came up.	0
The United flight-attendants union agreed to negotiations that could lead to the flight attendants contributing concessions to a revived bid in exchange for an ownership stake.	The pilot union, the only one to support the buy-out thus far, said the flight attendants' decision "enforces our belief that an all-employee owned airline is practical and achievable.	1
The farmer at the next truck shouts, "Wheat! It's nice! It won't be cheaper! We sell direct.	A heavy, kerchiefed woman runs a handful through her fingers, and counts him out a pile of zlotys.	1
that little Will Quinlan had not inherited a damaged retinoblastoma supressor gene and, therefore, faced no more risk than other children of developing the rare cancer.	It made our New Year.	0
A few years ago, the company voluntarily stopped selling "The Big Ear," a powerful microphone.	With its ability to pick up rustlings and flapping wings, "it was meant to be a toy for children for bird watching.	0
the percentage of Americans who do "real exercise to build the heart" is only 10% to 20%.	So many people fudge on answers about exercise, the president's council now uses specific criteria to determine what is considered vigorous.	0
Although Mr. Brawer's appointment as president was long expected, the move on Sept. 25 precipitated the resignation of Alan Lesk as senior vice president of sales and merchandising.	Three days later, Mr. Lesk was named president and chief executive officer of Olga Co., a competing intimate apparel division of Warnaco Inc.	1
Among companies mentioned by analysts as possible counterbidders for Nekoosa are International Paper, Weyerhaeuser, Canadian Pacific Ltd. and MacMillan Bloedel Ltd.	I'm sure everybody else is putting pencil to paper.	0
Mr. Vinson, the professor, got the law bug and formed Litigation Sciences.	IBM won the case.	0
The chancellor sometimes has used the occasion to announce major economic policy changes.	Economists don't expect any such changes in this year's address.	0
Mr. Wolf and other members of the board declined to comment on the announcement.	Mr. Waggoner couldn't be reached.	0
Robert J. Regal was named president and chief executive officer of this company's Universal-Rundle Corp. unit.	Mr. Regal had been president and chief executive of RBS Industries Inc.	1
It was the second time in less than a week that Quotron has had problems calculating the industrial average.	At the start of trading last Wednesday, the average appeared to plunge more than 200 points..Actually, it was down only a few points at the time.	0
Hoechst AG's Chairman Wolfgang Hilger said the company wants to have a substitute product to completely replace ozone-damaging chlorofluorocarbons by 1995.	In April, Hoechst, the largest producer of CFCs in West Germany, said it wanted to reduce production of the product by 50% by 1993.	1
Researchers began using the drug in February on patients who had received kidney, liver, heart and pancreas transplants.	Only two of 111 transplants have been rejected.	1
S.G. Warburg, also mentioned in the rumor mill, jumped 14 at to 414.	Jaguar advanced 19 to 673 as traders contemplated a potential battle between General Motors and Ford Motor for control of the U.K. luxury auto maker.	1
So the administration dropped it.	By October, when the committee rejected a much more modest covert proposal, even the administration was agreeing little should be done.	1
The FT 30-share index closed 11.0 points lower at 1761.0.	Volume was extremely thin at 351.3 million shares, the lightest volume of the week and modestly under Thursday's 387.4 million shares.	0
But Mr. Achenbaum pioneered negotiated fees, which often worked out to less than 15%.	More recently, he negotiated "indemnification" clauses in which an ad agency in some cases must pay a client if it drops the account.	1
In late New York trading yesterday, the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks, down from 1.8578 marks late Friday, and at 141.90 yen, down from 142.43 yen late Friday.	Sterling was quoted at $1.6030, up from $1.5885 late Friday.	0
The White House already is talking of Mr. Bush visiting the California earthquake site this weekend.	He visited the Hugo devastation but not until after local leaders urged him to do so.	1
He recommends such blue-chip growth stalwarts as Philip Morris, PepsiCo, CPC International, Reebok International, and Limited Inc.	All have a fiveyear earnings growth rate of more than 20% a year.	0
he was dropping it "in light of the recent change in market conditions.	he might now sell his AMR stake, buy more shares, or make another offer at a lower price.	1
There's a strong sense among the martini set that there's more {bad news} to come.	People in the stock market were very much Thatcher's children -- very young and wealthy optimists.	1
while imports from Japan rose to 323,000 tons from 288,000 in July.	Imports from Canada rose to 272,000 tons in August from 209,000 in July.	0
Loral's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 1990 was $36.4 million, or $1.44 a share, up 31% from $27.8 million, or $1.11 a share, a year earlier.	Net income fell 8.6% to $37.1 million, or $1.43 a share, from $40.6 million, or $1.56 a share.	1
When it did a half-hour into the session, it was priced at $150 a share, down more than $28 from Monday's close.	It sank further to as low as $145.	1
The top stock-index arbitrage firm last month was Morgan Stanley & Co.	Of Morgan Stanley's 66.8 million shares in program trades for the month, 53.1 million were in stock-index arbitrage trades.	0
Now he can go further.	He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income, in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher, not lower, revenues.	0
many respondents were taking a better-safe-than sorry investment stance.	Nearly a third said they have made some portfolio changes to anticipate a possible recession.	0
The companies are followed by at least three analysts, and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share.	Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted.	0
We must not forget, however, that such a humble political experiment could cause a global tidal wave of shocks in real-estate and financial markets.	At the most there is only nine months before the LDP fuse burns out.	0
that among the possibilities being considered by regulators to fight discrimination is the use of "testers.	The Department of Housing and Urban Development has used testers to investigate discrimination in rental housing.	1
Each of the 1,075,000 warrants entitle the holders to purchase one share of Apogee common stock for $2.25.	Apogee was quoted in the over-the-counter market yesterday at $2 bid.	0
His skis spread farther and farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic -- and soon he is out of control.	Unable to stop his accelerating descent, he crashes.	1
In 1987, Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters contributed their company's assets in exchange for a 28% stake in Barris Entertainment, a small-fry TV production company controlled by Giant Industries Inc. Chairman Burt Sugarman.	In July a year later, Warner agreed to release the producers from their old contract when Messrs..Guber, Peters and Sugarman made a $100 million offer to buy 25% of MGM/UA.	1
To fight off predators, B.A.T plans to spin off about $6 billion in assets, largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders.	Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10% of its shares and a 50% dividend increase.	1
Although encouraging dialogue between managers and workers, Mr. Smith doesn't countenance what he considers insubordination.	When a large group of pilots once signed petitions opposing work-rule and compensation changes, he called a meeting in a company hangar and dressed them down for challenging his authority.	0
This hardly sounds like an anti-homosexual screed.	What's really going on here.	0
The most ruthless dictatorships have not censored their press more brutally than the drug mafias censor Colombia's.	The censorship is enforced through terrorism and assassination.	0
to identify those couriers and subgroups that were doing the most to reduce package-sort cycle time.	Winners of the friendly competition earn a steak dinner out with their spouses.	1
Col. North conveyed the request to his superiors and to Assistant Secretary of State Elliot Abrams, who relayed it to Secretary of State George Shultz.	Mr. Noriega's proposal was turned down.	1
He made a special trip to examine U.S. environmental trends because they are often followed in Europe.	ENI needs to know what's coming as it prepares to spend some $1.3 billion on upgrading its refineries.	0
The sky filled with 12.8-pound shells, several of which fell back to Earth, destroying homes and buildings.	When the smoke cleared, six people were dead (three from heart attacks), and everyone wondered what in the world they were shooting at.	1
Psychologists say isolated people who don't discuss their investments with others are particularly at risk for fraud.	Scam artists seek out such people -- or try to make sure that their victims isolate themselves.	0
I guess I didn't really notice the trees.	Maybe they were hidden by all the people.	0
It was the possibility of this demand that helped firm prices, the analyst said.	Another analyst noted that Cuba has been deferring shipments in recent years.	1
For the nine months, net of $38.5 million, or 92 cents a share, trailed the year earlier's $49.9 million, or $1.08 a share.	Sales rose to $406 million from $356 million the year earlier.	1
The strong dollar is expected to knock 80 to 85 cents off IBM's per-share earnings for the full year.	Without that problem, IBM might have matched last year's earnings of $5.81 billion, or $9.80 a share.	0
who, in turn, persuaded her husband, a Mr. Loeb, to run this errand.	Hearing of this information, the husband discussed it with his broker, Mr. Chestman.	1
they are highly uncertain about the veracity of the separate documents leaked to the New York Times.	The papers refer to terrorist acts to be carried out in the name of a group called "the Revolutionary Eagles.	0
The tape was on tv before the night was out.	Marshall McLuhan, you should have been there at that hour.	0
and turns over the rule of the city to the puritanical Angelo.	When Angelo hears that the young man Claudio has made his fiancee pregnant before he could marry her, Angelo summarily condemns Claudio to death.	1
On the corporate front, Ford Motor announced that it raised its stake in U.K. luxury car maker Jaguar to 10.4% from 5%.	Jaguar shares jumped 23 before easing to close at 654, up 6.	1
Eventually, Mr. Stoll was invited to both the CIA and NSA to brief high-ranking officers on computer theft.	He savored the humor of his uncombed appearance among these buttoned-up chaps.	1
Also closed yesterday were the company's Santa Teresa software-development lab and the Almaden research center.	The concern's National Service Division opened a center for emergency service in Walnut Creek as part of its disaster-recovery plan.	1
For Mr. Jones, losing his quarterback temporarily was just the latest in a string of setbacks that has beset the Dallas Cowboys.	Once fat and happy, the Cowboys now are losing games, fans and money.	0
and that he turned to comedian Jackie Mason for help with Jewish voters.	Mr. Mason left the campaign after telling reporters Mr. Dinkins is "a fancy 'shvartzer' with a moustache.	1
but an appeal by Sterling Software Inc. of Dallas sent the contract to the General Services Administration Board of Contract Appeals and the board required NASA to re-evaluate bidders' proposals.	Sterling had completed a five-year contract for NASA but lost its bid for renewal.	1
Putting the Secretary of the Treasury on the Board of Governors, one of the leading proposals today, is an example.	The secretary is the world's biggest borrower of money.	0
its headquarters was closed yesterday because of power failures and lack of water, but that it may reopen today.	It expects any impact on its business to be slight.	0
Erbamont advanced 1 1/8 to 36 1/2 on 1.9 million shares.	Montedison, which owns about 72% of the company's common stock, agreed to buy the rest for $37 a share.	0
Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues: Bill Douglas, pianist/bassoonist/composer and an old buddy from Yale, and jazz bassist Eddie Gomez.	An improvisational section was built around pieces by Mr. Douglas, beginning with "Golden Rain," a lilting, laid-back lead in to the uptempo "Sky," which gave Mr. Stoltzman the opportunity to wail in a high register and show off his fleet fingers.	1
The mild inflation figures renewed investors' hopes that the Federal Reserve will ease its interest-rate stance.	The steep climb in producer prices reported last Friday fostered pessimism about lower interest rates and contributed to the stock market's 6.9% plunge that day.	1
The company operates a fleet of trucks and boats to transport the commodities to its warehouses.	A subsidiary company processes commodities into foods such as instant noodles that are sold with the rice through a vast retail network.	1
whose sales and market share in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989.	Rorer opted to sell Asilone and Thrombinar to raise revenue that would "kick start" its increased marketing efforts behind Maalox.	0
U.S. District Judge Julian A. Cook Jr. announced the settlements as the jury trial was to begin yesterday.	He reset opening arguments for today.	1
At that price, CBS was the only player at the table when negotiations with the International Olympic Committee started in Toronto Aug. 23.	that ABC and NBC had refused to even bid.	0
In the the latest quarter, thanks in part to "Batman," Guber Peters earned $5.8 million, or 50 cents a share, compared to a loss of $6.8 million, or 62 cents a share, in last year's quarter.	Guber Peters stock, which traded as low as $6 a share last year, closed yesterday at $16.625.	0
In addition, the rise in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies over the past several months has increased the price of U.S. products in overseas markets and hurt the country's competitiveness.	Since March, exports have been virtually flat.	0
PepsiCo rose 1 3/8 to 58 1/2; Coca-Cola Co. was unchanged at 66 3/4.	McDonald's also closed unchanged at 30 1/2.	0
Everywhere, Kidder stresses the "always working" theme.	A new in-house magazine, Kidder World -- which will focus on the firm's synergy strategy, says Mr. Carpenter -- confides that on weekends Mr. Newquist "often gets value-added ideas while flying his single-engine Cessna Centurion on the way to Nantucket.	0
The EC Commission decided that such an accord doesn't benefit consumers enough to merit an exemption from antitrust law.	The airlines presented it as offering consumers more choice and better flight connections.	0
Surviving scandal has become a rite of political passage at a time when a glut of scandal has blunted this town's sensibility.	Let the president demand strict new ethics rules.	0
Industry executives and analysts are divided on whether Mr. Phillips is up to the task.	He isn't as well-known to clients as is Mr. Roman.	0
But a few days later the police accused him of stealing electricity, acquiring rubber without permission and buying stolen property.	Warned he was to be jailed again, he fled to the countryside.	0
Stock prices fell sharply in active trading.	Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 175.2 million shares.	1
In response to questions after the annual meeting, Mr. Miller said the company is no longer looking for an equity investor.	During the summer, Wang executives had said they might seek outside investment.	1
these policy riders let me tap a portion of my death benefits while I'm still alive.	Some provisions would let me collect a percentage of the policy's face value to pay for long-term care such as nursing-home stays.	0
Even after-hours drag.	karaoke" bars, where Japanese revelers sing over recorded music, are prohibited by Mexico's powerful musicians union.	0
The latest period includes gains of $9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry-forward.	Last year's results were hurt by $41.3 million in restructuring charges.	0
The job cuts, to be made in a number of areas at various job levels, are "a streamlining of operations.	The company has no immediate plans to close any operations.	0
that healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25% to 30%.	Troubled chains could see their sales drop as much as 8% as managers distracted by fears about the future allow their stores to get sloppy.	1
AG is hardly alone in its anxiety.	A rambunctious shake-up is quickly reshaping Europe's once-stately insurance business.	0
We think there's a good prospect that competition is going to get pretty fierce in this market.	We see it becoming a bargain-basement kind of business.	0
Some hotels in the hurricane-stricken Caribbean promise money-back guarantees.	In Myrtle Beach, S.C., the damaged Yachtsman Resort offers daily rates as low as $35, or as much as 22% below regular prices.	1
Aimed specifically at CD holders are so-called CD-type annuities, or certificates of annuity.	An interest rate is guaranteed for between one and seven years, after which holders get 30 days to choose another guarantee period or to switch to another insurer's contract without the surrender charges that are common to annuities.	0
Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as if someone were jumping on it.	I realized what was happening.	1
On May 19, the FDA began detaining Chinese mushrooms in 68-ounce cans after more than 100 people in Mississippi, New York and Pennsylvania became ill from eating tainted mushrooms.	In subsequent tests, the agency found smaller-size cans from several Chinese plants to be similarly contaminated.	1
The CBS plan to use big-time sports as a platform for other series carries no guarantee of success, however..No amount of hype will bring viewers back if the shows are weak.	In this market of 40 channels, sophisticated viewers and the remote control, trial isn't a guarantee of anything If the show ain't a killer, they're gone.	0
The branches are just warmed over, empty halls.	Why should I be part of that problem.	0
A genetically engineered version of the human protein developed by Amgen Corp. of Thousand Oaks, Calif., recently has been marketed by the Ortho Pharmaceuticals division of Johnson & Johnson.	A competing version of EPO is being developed by Genetics Institute Inc. in Cambridge, Mass.	1
On Main Street, Alida Verwoerd and her daughters look after the clothes and fabric shop, then hurry home to fix lunch for the rest of the family.	Down by the stream, a group of Orange Workers puts the finishing touches on a golf course.	1
When Ms. Parks and her mother heard about what had happened they volunteered that they would like to give Mr. Alexander a good walloping.	he passed that along to his adversary.	1
Employees wore identification badges listing not only their names but also their dates of hire.	No one could voice an opinion until everybody with more seniority had spoken first, so younger employees seldom spoke up at all.	0
But General Motors dropped 1 7/8 to 44 7/8.	Its GM Hughes Electronics and financial-services units both reported that third-quarter earnings were down from a year earlier.	1
BUELL INDUSTRIES Inc. halved its quarterly dividend to five cents a share, payable Nov. 17 to stock of record Nov. 3.	The company's quarterly dividend had been 10 cents a share since April 30, 1988.	0
that of 37,000 complaints it received since January 1987, only 16 alleged racial discrimination in real estate lending.	The agency investigated the complaints but no violations were cited.	1
Foreign earnings fell to $180 million from $182 million that included a $48 million gain from lower Canadian and Australian taxes.	Chemical profits fell to $78 million from $98 million.	0
We believe that there are numerous other candidates more qualified for this important position and we encourage you to give them your thorough consideration before making this key RTC appointment.	The RTC needs the most able, competent management available.	0
Smaller projects swell the figure to at least $2.5 billion.	Still other projects that have been announced but not yet started could put expenditures above $3 billion over the next few years.	0
But General Motors dropped 1 7/8 to 44 7/8.	Its GM Hughes Electronics and financial-services units both reported that third-quarter earnings were down from a year earlier.	1
At the very least, a recession would prompt investors to buy the highest-quality bonds they can find -- that is, Treasurys.	That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys and asset-backed securities, as well as make it tougher to unload the latter.	1
we're indifferent to (the Bass) plan.	We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco.	0
but Mr. Whitten has been adamant in insisting that the program be cut in 1990.	The 79-year-old Mississippian takes a more orthodox, entrenched view of agriculture policy than those in the movement to reduce chemical use, but as a master of pork-barrel politics, he is believed to be annoyed as well that the project moved to Arkansas from a Tennessee center near Memphis and the northern Mississippi border.	0
Ms. Bogart's cast is part and parcel of the problem.	Ed Shea and Barbara Orson never find a real reason for their love affair as the foolish, idealistic young Vass and the tirelessly humanitarian doctor Maria Lvovna.	0
Fujisawa continued to attract investors because of strong earning prospects stemming from a new immune control agent.	Fujisawa gained 50 to 2,060.	0
High-definition television promises to be the TV of tomorrow, so it is a natural multibillion-dollar market.	Although major U.S. manufacturers have all but ceded the main segment of that future business to Japan, not everyone here is ready to give up.	0
The fund was created by the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Act, which provides that the owner or operator of a vessel involved in an oil spill must pay the first $14 million in damages.	The fund is required to pay claims up to an additional $86 million.	1
I tell people it's the groundup bones of saints.	I sprinkle a little around and tell the demons to leave.	1
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall, before it becomes a Law, be presented to the President of the United States.	If he approve he shall sign it.	1
Ford is going to come out with full guns blazing.	Ford wants {Jaguar} very much.	0
In the $300-a-share buyout, that totaled about $76.7 million.	By yesterday's close of trading, it was good for a paltry $43.5 million.	0
A major boost to Mr. Rey's respectability among the Swiss came in 1986 when he sold 60% of his Phibro Bank to the conservative Swiss cantonal banks.	They renamed it Swiss Cantobank and are using it to expand abroad.	1
Industry observers expect a wide divergence in performance.	Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly, and to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc., May Department Stores Co. and Dillard Department Stores Inc., which should do well.	0
Perhaps the biggest of those factors is its high ad prices.	When ad dollars are tight, the high page cost is a major deterrent for advertisers.	0
John Mack promptly quit his job last spring as an aide to Speaker Wright amid public outrage over Mr. Mack's violent attack on a young woman when he was 19 years old.	After a few weeks in seclusion, Mr. Mack opened a consulting firm.	1
Mr. Lortie's departure, while sudden, was seen as inevitable in light of the shift in strategy.	The non-food operations were largely Mr. Lortie's creation {and} his strategy didn't work.	0
Intelogic Trace, a computer services company, was spun off to Datapoint holders in 1985, after Mr. Edelman gained control.	After Mr. Ackerman announced he was soliciting consents from shareholders in order to wrest control of Datapoint from Mr. Edelman, the corporate raider purchased 30% of Datapoint's shares.	1
Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received.	This was a Kidder Peabody stand-alone decision.	0
The dollar was mixed.	In New York late yesterday, it was at 141.70 yen, up from 141.45 yen late Wednesday..But it fell to 1.8470 marks from 1.8485.	0
While IBM has traditionally dominated the market for computers on the business side of manufacturing operations and has done well in the market for design tools, Digital has dominated computerized manufacturing.	Hewlett-Packard Co. also has begun to gain share in the whole computer-integrated-manufacturing arena.	1
The state is protected when plans and designs for public structures were approved ahead of time or when structures met previously approved standards.	those defenses might well apply to the Bay Bridge collapse.	0
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink.	Experience has shown that the most important element in predicting a housing-loan default is the down payment.	0
The company has denied the allegations but has negotiated a proposed $18 million settlement of related lawsuits.	Analysts predict the sales impact will linger.	1
The ozone layer is constantly in motion and thus very hard to measure.	What scientists have known since the late 1970s is that there is a hole in the layer over Antarctica that expands or contracts from year to year.	0
Nonetheless, concern about the chip may have been responsible for a decline of 87.5 cents in Intel's stock to $32 a share yesterday in over-the-counter trading, on volume of 3,609,800 shares, and partly responsible for a drop in Compaq's stock in New York Stock Exchange composite trading on Wednesday.	Yesterday, Compaq plunged further.	1
it will retain its Automotive Connectors and Cliff Impact divisions.	The divisions that Parker Hannifin is retaining weren't mentioned in Thursday's edition.	1
In the director post, Mr. Brown, 38 years old, succeeds Joseph W. Hibben, who retired from the board in August.	C. Barr Schuler, 49, vice president and chief financial officer, was named senior vice president of corporate development and acquisitions, a new post.	1
Please contribute what you can," the ad said.	The Nissan logo flashed on the screen for a moment.	1
Soviet police clashed with demonstrators in Moscow following a candlelight vigil around the KGB's Lubyanka headquarters in memory of those persecuted under Stalin..More than 1,000 Muscovites attended the service.	A splinter group demonstrated in Pushkin Square, where the police clubbed and detained a number of protesters.	1
the two marital testimonial privileges cited by Mrs. Marcos don't apply.	The first one permits a witness to refuse to testify against her spouse..But Judge Keenan said that privilege's purpose is "fostering harmony in marriage." Because Mr. Marcos died Sept. 28, the privilege can no longer apply, the judge said.	0
Coke introduced a caffeine-free sugared cola based on its original formula in 1983.	It switched to a caffeine-free formula using its new Coke in 1985.	1
Reynolds is the third big aluminum company since Friday to report disappointing earnings.	The No. 1 domestic aluminum producer, Aluminum Co. of America, Friday said its earnings fell 3.2% to $219 million, or $2.46 a share.	0
Elsewhere, share prices closed higher in Amsterdam, Brussels, Milan and Paris.	Prices were mixed in Zurich and lower in Stockholm.	1
Here's a Waltana," he exclaims, picking one off a tree.	He bites it, scowls and throws it down.	1
And they won't consider such a dividend, the trust added, before results are available for the first quarter of 1990.	the need to retain cash for possible acquisitions.	0
service-industry output in August rose 0.4% from July.	Output of goods-producing industries increased 0.1%.	0
To confirm Mr. Guy's identification, Sotheby's and IFAR exchanged photos by fax, and the waiting man, apparently innocent of knowledge that the kylix was stolen, agreed to release it.	and in short order it was given over to a Chubb & Son representative.	1
LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications.	McCaw, which dropped 2 1/2 to 37 3/4, has offered $125 a share for a majority of LIN's shares.	0
This brings into question the motives of those who lead civil disobedience demonstrations.	Do they want the spotlight for themselves or for their cause.	0
But there's another side to Mr. Krenz.	Born in a Baltic town in an area which is now part of Poland, he has dedicated his life to the party apparatus.	0
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate, jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson's images, this time of geometric or repeating objects, in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich's piece and Mr. Stoltzman's elegant execution of it.	The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker, Ornette Coleman, Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez, with pictures for the Douglas pieces.	1
Mr. Peladeau took his first big gamble 25 years ago, when he took advantage of a strike at La Presse, then Montreal's dominant French-language newspaper, to launch the Journal de Montreal.	The tabloid's circulation soared to 80,000.	1
And pressure by big investors forced Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. to sweeten Chicago & North Western's $475 million junk bond offering.	After hours of negotiating that stretched late into Thursday night, underwriters priced the 12-year issue of resettable senior subordinated debentures at par to yield 14.75%, higher than the 14.5% that had been expected.	0
We tell them all the major companies are having financial difficulties.	Numerous computer companies are having sales slumps and earnings declines, but very few have had losses comparable to Wang's or are carrying such a large debt load.	0
But the mega-issues are raising megaquestions about the rapidly evolving Indian capital market.	One is whether there is enough money to fund the new issues without depressing stock trading.	0
Your Oct. 2 article on Daniel Yankelovich cited the quote "A good name is better than great riches" as being from Cervantes' "Don Quixote.	Actually, Cervantes borrowed that quote from a writer of some 25 centuries earlier.	0
Sometimes Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do little more than grab the first draft of a screenplay for a "Flashdance," or buy rights to a best seller such as "The Color Purple.	It falls to others to do the writing, directing and producing.	1
Let's assume that {former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom} Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with {Vietnamese-backed Cambodian leader} Hun Sen.	Is the trouble over.	1
He also lets workers vent steam through an elaborate grievance procedure and, as a perk, fly free in empty cockpit seats.	He gives pep talks in periodic "family briefings" beamed internationally on "FXTV," the company's own television network.	0
Mr. Ty lost control to the government in 1980 when a government bank made emergency loans to the cash-strapped institution.	In 1983, the loans were converted into equity, giving Manila 98% of the bank, but with the understanding that Mr. Ty had repurchase rights.	1
On July 18, 1974, International Nickle of Canada -- advised by Morgan -- offered $28 a share, equal to $157 million, for ESB, a Philadelphia battery maker.	it was given only a three-hour advance warning on a "take it or leave it" basis from Inco, as the Toronto company is called.	1
instead they landed in 16th and 18th place.	The highest-rated show continues to be ABC's "Roseanne.	1
Hotel-casino operators play down the possibility of a labor shortage.	After all, 40,000 newcomers a year are settling in the Las Vegas Valley.	0
Some so-called high-quality junk issues, such as R.H. Macy & Co. 's 14 1/2% subordinated debentures, rose.	The Macy's issue closed up about one point at a bid price of 97.	0
The tension mounted as Ralph Branca, again on the mound, stared down the batter.	He wound up and let loose a fastball.	1
Mr. Good devotes much serious space to the events of Feb. 25, 1942, when American gunners spotted strange lights in the sky above Los Angeles.	Air-raid sirens sounded the alarm at 2:25 a.m., summoning 12,000 air wardens to duty.	1
Manufacturers' shipments rose 0.3% in August following two months of declines.	Inventories fell 0.3% in August.	1
The largest beneficiary will be Seagram Co.	the company will post additional pretax profit of about $33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends.	0
Japanese companies have a caveat competitor attitude.	If excess capacity develops not everyone will suffer.	0
A good half-hour into breakfast at the Palmer House, Mr. O'Brien looks up from his plate after Mr. Straszheim says something about people who believe interest rates are about to nosedive.	I'm one of them who hope they will, with $6 billion in debt on the books.	1
the intelligence officer who found the craft's strange debris was forced by the government to call the flower-inscribed scraps parts of a weather balloon.	The apparent crash became top secret, and the alien creatures went away upset with the rude ways of human beings.	1
By the time a recession is "official much of the damage to stocks has already been done.	About six months before a recession ends, stocks typically begin to rise again.	1
Manville advanced 3/4 to 10.	The company offered to purchase $500 million of convertible preferred stock from the trust that handles its payments to asbestos victims.	1
that managing speed may be an underutilized source of competitive advantage.	Managers in all three companies recognize speed as a component of quality and a key to customer satisfaction.	0
In a crush of trucks and horse carts on the trodden field, Andrzej Latowski wrestles a screeching, overweight hog into the trunk of a private butcher's Polish Fiat.	Of course it's better to sell private," he says, as the butcher trundles away.	1
Some buildings collapsed, gas and water lines ruptured and fires raged.	The quake, which also caused damage in San Jose and Berkeley, knocked out electricity and telephones, cracked roadways and disrupted subway service in the Bay Area.	0
Four people torched three U.S. flags on the central steps of the U.S. Capitol in a bid to test a new federal law protecting the American flag from desecration.	All four demonstrators were arrested.	1
Father McKenna moves through the house praying in Latin, urging the demon to split.	Suddenly the woman begins swaying and then writhing.	1
Colgate's 1988 net income included $40.1 million, or 59 cents a share, from discontinued operations.	Colgate sold its hospital supply and home health care business last year.	0
Ford has signaled it might acquire a majority interest later.	I'm not obligated to sit down and talk to anybody.	0
Sales increased 11.9% to 279.39 billion yen from 249.68 billion yen.	Net fell 1% to 3.23 billion yen from 3.26 billion yen.	0
The new bacteria recipients of the genes began producing pertussis toxin which, because of the mutant virulence gene, was no longer toxic.	Experiments showed that the new, non-virulent toxin is capable of inducing immunity, according to the researchers from the Selavo Research Center in Siena, Italy, the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and the Japanese National Institutes of Health.	1
Xerox fell 3 1/8 to 59 5/8.	Disappointment with the company's earnings for the quarter led Prudential-Bache Securities to reduce its 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates, according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report.	1
Eastern would have to issue new debt to cover its costs, and that it would generate far less cash than anticipated.	Other costs also would increase, including maintenance, because Eastern has an older fleet.	1
Last month, the complaints intensified and the massages ended.	Now we're looking for a room with thicker walls.	0
A leading U.S. human-rights monitor also was briefly held.	Dissident playwright Vaclav Havel reportedly escaped the crackdown, the fourth against activists in recent days.	1
Net in the latest period included $11.9 million from discontinued operations and a charge of $6.2 million from a plant closing.	In the year-ago period, net included $32.7 million from discontinued operations.	0
net also included certain reserves related to the restructuring of its LJN Toys' international operations.	These items were partly offset by an unspecified gain on the sale of its Miller International unit.	0
My questions on this subject at a recent meeting at the World Resources Institute with representatives of the National Resource Development Commission, the Environmental Protection Agency, Friends of the Earth, etc. were greeted with derision and some mumbled comments about that report being discredited.	When I expressed amazement that no one was undertaking a more current and credible UV-B study, I was urged to get back to the agenda topic, which was, ironically, a schedule for getting rid of HCFCs, the so-called soft CFCs that are such an important part of the CFC substitution scenario.	1
Ginnie Mae 9% securities for November delivery ended at 97 29/32, down 7/32; 9 1/2% securities at 99 31/32, down 6/32; and 10% securities at 101 29/32, down 5/32.	Freddie Mac 9% securities were at 97 5/32, down 3/32.	1
On the periphery, rescue workers seem, from the air, to move in slow motion.	They peck away at the 1 1/2-mile section of rubble, searching for more of the 250 people thought to have died here.	1
In September 1988, Eagle acquired Biny Clothing Inc., a closely held New York chain operated under the Bonds name.	Eagle's management retired and Biny's management took control of the company.	1
For the nine months, Georgia-Pacific's earnings increased 49% to $504 million, or $5.58 a share, from $338 million, or $3.41 a share.	Sales rose 11% to $7.73 billion from $6.94 billion.	1
that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year.	the move toward standard operating systems means customers aren't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down.	0
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit, the soft-spoken clarinetist announced that his new album, "Inner Voices," had just been released, that his family was in the front row, and that it was his mother's birthday, so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record.	He launched into Saint-Saens's "The Swan" from "Carnival of the Animals," a favorite encore piece for cellists, with lovely, glossy tone and no bite.	1
that the bank and thrift regulators generally said they have been too busy handling the record number of bank and thrift failures in the past few years to put much energy into investigating possible discrimination.	We would be the first to admit that we have not devoted the necessary amount of emphasis over the past several years" to developing examinations for discrimination, said Jonathan Fiechter, a top official of the Office of Thrift Supervision.	0
The other areas of the business -- storage and microcomputers -- were very good.	Western Digital has reacted swiftly to the movement to video graphics array, VGA, graphics technology from the old enhanced graphics adapter, EGA, which has a lower resolution standard, technology and now is one of the leading producers of these newer units.	0
Mr. Kossuth, 52 years old, succeeds Ermanno Pascutto, 36, who resigned to join Hong Kong's Securities and Futures Commission.	Mr. Kossuth was vice president and director, corporate finance, of Nesbitt Thomson Deacon Inc., a Toronto investment dealer.	1
the government's "luck" in keeping the bank open -- despite being the then-biggest U.S. bank failure -- prevented "shock waves around the country and around the world.	Federal officials who had been probing the bank for months arranged a merger with European-American Bank & Trust, owned by six foreign banks, to avert the closedown.	1
For the nine months, Georgia-Pacific's earnings increased 49% to $504 million, or $5.58 a share, from $338 million, or $3.41 a share.	Sales rose 11% to $7.73 billion from $6.94 billion.	1
President Bush's national security adviser, Lt. Gen. Brent Scowcroft, came into office in January intent on making the NSC staff leaner and more disciplined than it had been during the Reagan administration.	Gen. Scowcroft was a member of the Tower Commission, which investigated the Iran-Contra affair.	1
the big deficit reflects the slipping competitive position of British industry.	When the country gets wealthier, we tend to buy high-quality imports.	0
Those gains came from higher prices, particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products, and from increased sales, primarily for feminine-care products.	Newsprint results continued to be depressed.	0
The State Development Board set up a Hugo Hotline to accept business-to-business help.	After NBC weather man Willard Scott broadcast the hot-line number, it was flooded with 10,000 calls.	1
The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem's U.K. unit, including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions.	it eventually would seek to make a public share offering in its U.K. business.	1
Yesterday's explosions were the second round in two months at the plastics plant.	In late August, four contract workers were injured and one Phillips employee died after an explosion at a fuel supply line near the facility's boiler house.	1
Yuba City, Calif., meanwhile, ranked dead last among 329 metro areas.	Unamused, residents burned Rand McNally books and wore T-shirts that said: "Kiss my Atlas.	0
All along the company has said there was no grounds for criminal prosecution.	That was borne out by the Justice Department's decision" to settle the case.	0
Mr. Steinhardt also could take that route.	He confers big trading commissions on Wall Street firms.	0
Within weeks the unfolding Iran-Contra scandal took away Mr. Noriega's insurance policy..The death of CIA Director William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces to gain influence.	Public protests against him were triggered in June 1987 due to charges by Diaz Herrera, his former chief of staff, that Mr. Noriega had stolen the 1984 election and had ordered the killing of Messrs..Spadafora and Torrijos.	1
it is significant because it marks the first time the nation's No. 2 steelmaker has joined forces with a foreign partner.	Wall Street analysts have criticized Bethlehem for not following its major competitors in linking with a foreign company to share costs and provide technology to modernize old facilities or build new ones.	1
These include Jennifer Tilly's audition to be the Baker Boys' girl singer.	Ms. Tilly of the tweety-bird voice showed great comic promise during her stint as the mobster's girlfriend on the television show, "Hill Street Blues.	1
In late New York trading yesterday, the dollar was quoted at 1.8667 marks, down from 1.8685 marks late Monday, and at 142.75 yen, up from 141.85 yen late Monday.	Sterling was unchanged at $1.5753.	1
It seems to me we're not really going to get anywhere until we can take the criminality out of the drug business and the incentives for criminality out of it.	Frankly, the only way I can think of to accomplish this is to make it possible for addicts to buy drugs at some regulated place at a price that approximates their cost.	0
Loral's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 1990 was $36.4 million, or $1.44 a share, up 31% from $27.8 million, or $1.11 a share, a year earlier.	Net income fell 8.6% to $37.1 million, or $1.43 a share, from $40.6 million, or $1.56 a share.	1
His successor approved the $1 price in the process of clearing the backed-up papers on his desk.	When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974, it was priced at $10 a share (and reached $1 billion in assets in one year.	1
It is most effective taken about a week after a woman misses her menstrual period up through the seventh week of pregnancy.	That is typically about a three-week window.	0
Next month, NASA plans to launch a satellite to study cosmic rays dating from the birth of the universe.	In December, the shuttle Columbia will try to retrieve a satellite that's been in orbit for nearly five years measuring the deleterious effects of space on materials and instruments.	1
Then, after extending its offer four times waiting for a congressional tax ruling, IMA early this month lowered its offer to $26.50 a share amid turbulence in the junk bond market.	American Medical accepted the offer.	1
The bottom line, however, is not economic but political reform.	A long succession of Mexican presidents arbitrarily nationalized whatever industry they took a fancy to, without having to answer to the public.	1
In a labor-intensive process, the seed companies cut off the tassels of each plant, making it male sterile.	They sow a row of male-fertile plants nearby.	1
That would be bad news for Navigation Mixte's current management, which was counting on Allianz to help fend off Paribas.	Allianz didn't say whom, if anyone, it will support.	0
Michael Grobstein, 46 years old, was named vice chairman for planning, marketing and industry services, a new post.	Mr. Grobstein had been a vice chairman of Ernst & Whinney, an accounting firm that merged with rival Arthur Young in July to form Ernst & Young, a major accounting, tax and management consulting firm.	1
HomeFed had been one of the handful of large West Coast thrifts that in recent quarters had counteracted interest-rate problems dogging the industry by keeping a lid on problem assets and lending heavily into the furious California housing market.	Analysts had been projecting fully diluted earnings in the third quarter in the range of about $1.30 a share.	1
But here is where the entrepreneur made a very risky bet, and where society was maybe foolish to look the other way.	The profit rate is still low and the Q ratio was only 65% in 1987 and 68.9% in 1988.	0
The Revco bonds are high-yield, high-risk "junk" bonds.	holders have $750 million in claims against Revco.	0
After Sony Corp. 's recent headline-grabbing acquisition of Columbia Pictures it makes good political sense to lie low.	It's a question of timing.	0
After placing orders to sell, Mr. Freeman called Martin Siegel, an investment banker at Kidder, Peabody & Co., who was advising on the deal, to confirm these rumors.	Mr. Siegel asked Mr. Freeman who his source was.	1
As a result, Judge John F. Keenan of New York ordered Mrs. Marcos to turn over to the court all pleadings and documents she may have filed in foreign countries in opposition to U.S. requests for evidence.	Mrs. Marcos had claimed that she didn't have to turn over the documents because she was brought here involuntarily and because providing the materials would violate her marital privilege.	1
But the meat-processing machines he picked up are 50 years old.	I don't want expensive machines.	0
The precious metals sector outgained other Dow Jones industry groups by a wide margin for the second consecutive session.	Hecla Mining rose 5/8 to 14.	0
Developers are teaming up with institutions often acting as project managers.	They are growing more pragmatic about their role.	0
Instead of selling bonds to meet redemptions, however, some funds have borrowed from banks to meet withdrawal requests.	This avoids knocking down prices further.	0
The thing it says about Mips is that they're on a roll right now.	They're getting some major wins.	0
First, he unceremoniously sacked Tom Landry.	In Dallas, Mr. Landry has a standing just shy of sainthood.	0
Here, then, is where the Orange Workers have come to make apartheid's last stand.	Their idea is to create a city, first, and then an entire nation -- without blacks.	0
The idea was to let small investors, the backbone of the fund business, deal in the money market's high short-term interest rates.	This had been the exclusive province of those rich enough to use six-figure sums to get income that was figured beyond the third or fourth decimal place.	1
Areas that are made of `fill' liquefy.	A woman in a three-story apartment was able to walk out the window of the third floor onto street level after the quake.	0
Mr. Bockris previously reported getting bursts of excess heat and of detecting increasing amounts of tritium forming in the heavy water.	he's gotten evidence that there is a "weak correlation" between the time the heat bursts occur and the production of tritium.	1
Two years later, he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $10,000 loan was "absolutely onerous.	Paul L. Kane, Laurel's president at the time, quickly responded.	1
Last week the stock hit an all-time high of 37 1/4 before getting roughed up in the Friday-the-13th minicrash.	It closed yesterday at 34 3/4.	1
He speaks for the death penalty as if reading from Exodus 21; to increase state revenue he focuses not on "taxes" but on "audits" to cut waste.	Hard-hitting consultants match ads with Mr. Courter's team.	0
Sen. Lloyd Bentsen (D., Texas) was outraged after a private word to John Motley, lobbyist for the National Federation of Independent Business, resulted in a news release saying that the Senate Finance Committee chairman would recommend repeal of Section 89.	Even though the announcement was true in the end, it was issued without the senator's permission.	0
Mr. Guber was raised in Boston and educated in New York.	He is a lawyer with a string of academic degrees.	0
Ms. Levine told her employer that she was pregnant in February.	a month later the restaurant manager told Ms. Levine that she would be demoted to his assistant because he felt customers would be uncomfortable with a pregnant maitre'd.	1
But this quake wasn't the big one, the replay of 1906 that has been feared for so many years.	Despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives, and damage estimated in the billions, most businesses and their plants and offices in the Bay area weren't greatly affected.	0
He fusses endlessly over economic statistics, dissecting them in dozens of ways, probing for hours in search of potential problems.	After thoroughly digesting reams of information, he often concludes that more data are needed.	1
that called for a 4% pay increase and 8% bonus in the first year.	In the second year, workers would receive a 3% wage boost and a 3% bonus.	1
When a hospital in Lexington installed a lithotripter last year, demand for a similar kidney-stone smashing machine at a Humana hospital in Louisville fell 34%.	The Humana hospital responded by jacking up prices to make up for lost revenue.	0
For the Politburo replaced Mr. Honecker with a man cut of the same cloth: Egon Krenz, the most recent internal-security chief and a longtime Honecker protege.	East Germany, it is clear, is no Poland, where the Communist Party now shares power with the democratically elected Solidarity union.	0
the flaws don't affect them.	Bugs like this are just a normal part of product development.	0
Until a recent comeback, it saw steep losses in ad pages and circulation.	Time executives complained about the shoddy editorial quality.	0
but Nora finds an extra $30,000 in her bank account, suddenly increasing her available funds some fifteenfold.	While she is wondering whether to live it up, and do something even more dramatic, say get married, her life is further complicated by the reappearance of an old flame, David, a film critic and actor who always seems to be just on the brink of stardom.	1
Volume was a tumultuous 4.9 million shares, or 22% of the 21.8 million UAL shares outstanding.	that Bear, Stearns bought more than 1 million shares.	0
He signed up for intelligence and counter-intelligence training under American officers at Fort Gulick in Panama in July 1967, according to a copy of a 1983 resume with details Mr. Noriega has since classified as secret.	He flew to Fort Bragg, N.C., in September of that year for a course in psychological operations, returning to the School of the Americas in Panama for a two-month course called "military intelligence for officers.	1
Snack-food tonnage increased a strong 7% in the third quarter, while domestic profit increased in double digits.	Excluding the British snack-food business acquired in July, snack-food international tonnage jumped 40%, with sales strong in Spain, Mexico and Brazil.	1
We were oversold and today we bounced back.	Some accounts came in for some blocks in the secondary {market}, which we haven't seen for a while.	0
the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered "Cemetery in the Snow," a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich.	the U.S. State Department notified IFAR of the theft in February 1988.	1
Merchant banker Morgan Grenfell climbed 14 to 406 on renewed takeover speculation.	S.G. Warburg, also mentioned in the rumor mill, jumped 14 at to 414.	1
Among the glitterati who turned out in bipartisan black-tie force to benefit the Coelho Epilepsy Fund last month were Sen. Robert Dole, Rep. Newt Gingrich, and other kingpins of Congress.	Dan Rather served as emcee.	1
Increasingly, the financial markets are reflecting the gloom.	The Financial Times 100-share index has dropped about 12% from its 1989 high of 2423.9 on Sept. 8.	0
Such an embarrassment of riches was inconceivable to the man who discovered the Burgess Shale, one Charles Doolittle Walcott.	The received Darwinian wisdom of the day said that animals living so long ago must be simple in design, limited in scope and ancestral to contemporary species.	0
that if the acquisition had been completed earlier, pretax earnings "would have been insufficient to cover its fixed charges, including interest on debt securities," by approximately $62.7 million in the first six months of 1989.	that "adjusted to eliminate non-cash charges" TW would have run a cash surplus -- in this case, of $56 million over six months.	0
But today, the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever.	One large competitor after another is leaping into the booming market Specialized helped create, turning out mountain bikes with such well-known names as Schwinn, Peugeot, Raleigh and Nishiki.	0
The JSP admitted Oct. 13 that its members received about eight million yen from the pachinko organization, and charged LDP members with receiving 125 million yen ($880,000) and other opposition parties with taking about 2.5 million yen.	On Friday, the chief cabinet secretary announced that eight cabinet ministers had received five million yen from the industry, including 450,000 yen ($3,175) by Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu.	1
the last remaining bull on the stock.	that Michael Foods is misunderstood.	0
Orders from Campeau retailers used to be cause for celebration.	This is no longer true because of Campeau's massive debt load.	0
I was in my favorite watering hole.	I felt the temblor begin.	1
Typically, banks offer CD yields higher than those on Treasury bills, which are considered the safest short-term investments.	banks need a competitive edge to sell their products.	0
Unknown to Mr. Tharp, he had fouled his net on a special IRS project to catch catfish farmers and haulers inclined to cheat on their taxes.	Confronted with the evidence, Mr. Tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return and was fined $5,000 and sentenced to 18 months in prison.	1
Kirin Brewery was up 100 at 2,000, and Ajinomoto gained 70 to 2,840.	Pharmaceuticals were mostly higher, with SS Pharmaceutical gaining 140 to 1,980.	1
This leads to a very special sense of urgency.	If the media decide to work harder at educating the public about these complex and technical issues, that hardly can be termed non-objective journalism.	0
In the experiment, mice with the defective gene were mated.	Three days later, before the new embryo had become implanted in the uterus, it was washed out of the mother mouse.	1
But after much tracking, it became evident to Mr. Stoll that the hacker was not on the Berkeley campus or even in California.	Finding him became an obsession for Mr. Stoll.	1
But if the A's hadn't won in four, they would have prevailed in five, or six, or seven.	The best team won this Series.	0
Lights flickered on and off; plaster dropped from the ceiling, the walls still shook and an evacuation alarm blared outside.	The four lawyers climbed out from under a table.	1
But in the stock and real-estate markets, activity remains spotty even though prices have regained much of their lost ground.	Waning demand reported by importers, retailers and even fancy restaurants all reinforce a profile of a community that is sharply tightening its belt.	0
The trail of revenue is increasingly going away from pure advertising, and going towards other services.	Instead of being just an ad agency We have redefined our mission here.	0
With $500 apiece and an injection of outside capital, they formed Genentech Inc.	Commercial gene-splicing was born.	1
Luis Carlos relayed Tony's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and, more important, among his officers and instructors.	A spy was born.	0
Russell Miller's "Bare-Faced Messiah: The True Story of L. Ron Hubbard" is a biography of the founder of the Church of Scientology..Mr. Hubbard, who died in 1986, bequeathed the copyrights on his writings to his church, which licensed them to New Era Publications, a Danish corporation.	In 1988 New Era sought a permanent injunction to restrain Henry Holt & Co. from publishing "Bare-Faced Messiah" on the ground that Mr. Miller's quotations from Mr. Hubbard infringed the copyrights.	1
Separately, a federal judge hearing Mr. Hunt's bankruptcy case yesterday turned down a proposed $65.7 million settlement between Mr. Hunt and Minpeco S.A., another major creditor in the case.	The Peruvian minerals concern had been seeking a claim of $251 million against Mr. Hunt.	1
The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration and drove many veteran oil men and companies out of the business also played havoc with the nation's inflation rate, the trade deficit and oil users' corporate and personal budgets.	Now, at least some predictability has returned, for everyone from economists to motorists.	0
and had been discussing a joint venture with both Warner and MCA.	he chose Warner, the largest record company, because "their standing in the entertainment industry is second to none.	1
it would fund the acquisition through internal resources.	The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem's U.K. unit, including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions.	1
I don't see this as a debt reduction exercise.	It's focused on streamlining" PWA's fleet in a bid to cut training and aircraft servicing costs.	0
Barely visible on Hong Kong's property scene in 1985, by last year Japan had become the top foreign investor, spending $602 million.	The market has grown relatively quiet since the China crisis.	0
SCI TV owns six TV stations, including several CBS Inc. affiliates.	It is having trouble meeting its debt payments because of heavy borrowing in 1987 for a leveraged buy-out.	0
In addition to hedging new stock purchases, the married-put technique can be used to protect stocks that an investor already owns.	In either case, the investor faces three possible outcomes.	1
Mr. Noriega's relationship to American intelligence agencies became contractual in either 1966 or 1967.	His commanding officer at the Chiriqui Province garrison, Major Omar Torrijos, gave him an intriguing assignment: Mr. Noriega would organize the province's first intelligence service.	1
it was advised by the U.S. attorney for Maryland that it is one of a number of companies being investigated by a federal grand jury for alleged violations of the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act.	Par was already the subject of a federal criminal inquiry into the drug-approval process and a Food and Drug Administration investigation.	1
that its version of the provision would yield $17 million the first year and a total of $409 million over five years.	The House version would raise slightly more.	0
There were some business deals that went bad," Mr. Jones says, "but no intent to defraud.	Newport Beach operations differ from the Hollywood boiler rooms in style as well as in dollars.	0
This starts in the construction phase through the use of minority contractors and local workers.	It continues through the life of the center.	1
Storage, which includes computer controllers and 3.5-inch disk drives, represents nearly two-thirds of the company's business.	Disk drives generated 38% more revenue in the most recent period compared with the fiscal first quarter a year earlier.	0
Meanwhile, President Bush stepped up his personal lobbying for the capital-gains tax cut.	he plans to hold a series of private White House meetings, mostly with Senate Democrats, to try to persuade lawmakers to fall in line behind the tax cut.	0
At the very least, a recession would prompt investors to buy the highest-quality bonds they can find -- that is, Treasurys.	That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys and asset-backed securities, as well as make it tougher to unload the latter.	1
None of the problems is necessarily fatal, and they aren't all necessarily even related.	There are also other factors at work that are outside IBM's control, such as currency exchange rates.	1
It's just like weather forecasting.	It's often wrong, but it's better than consulting an Indian rain dancer.	0
that, "given an ideal world, we'd have a nice, neat, orderly process.	We'd do the strategy and then we'd come around and do the budget.	0
Analysts expect Federal's earnings to improve again in its fiscal third quarter ending Feb. 28, when the company should begin benefiting from Tiger's extra flights, back-up planes and landing rights.	Until then, they expect the cost of integrating the two carriers to continue crimping profits.	0
The Russians are talking peace.	The Palestinians are talking elections.	1
A year ago this fall, New Jersey voters under 30 favored George Bush by 56% to 39% over Michael Dukakis, according to a survey then by Rutgers University's Eagleton Institute.	A matching Eagleton-Newark Star Ledger poll last month showed a complete reversal.	0
Although air-traffic delays in San Francisco were significant yesterday.	The earthquake shattered windows at San Francisco International's air-traffic control tower and rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers, three of whom suffered minor injuries.	0
Telos Corp., a Santa Monica, Calif., provider of software-development and hardware-maintenance services to the military, enjoyed steady growth until this year.	Following a tripling of earnings, to $3.9 million, on a doubling of revenue, to $116 million, over four years, earnings in the company's fiscal first quarter, which ended June 30, plunged 90% to $45,000.	1
until we completed our data gathering.	We used the data to redesign our sorting system and put our resources where they could do the most good.	1
Last week's uncertainty in the stock market and a weaker dollar triggered a flight to safety but yesterday the market lacked such stimuli.	There was some profit-taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance.	0
In 1987, it pumped billions into the markets through open market operations and the discount window.	It lent money to banks and encouraged them to make funds available to brokerage houses.	0
How quickly things change.	This past summer, investors' appetite for municipal bonds seemed insatiable.	0
the bankruptcy court granted Lone Star Steel an extension until year end on its exclusive period to present a reorganization plan.	The 120-day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday.	1
But after joining the tax department of a USX subsidiary 30 years ago, he set the modest goal of becoming tax manager by the age of 46.	For years, he quietly stuck to the back accounting rooms.	1
Bolar Pharmaceutical Co. posted the largest volume increase, 552,302 shares, to 2,157,656.	The company is under an investigation concerning procedures to gain Food and Drug Administration approval of generic drugs.	0
in what was an effort to get Mr. Lorin to implicate Mr. Laff.	that Mr. Lorin was the "real master criminal" behind the stock manipulation, and that Mr. Laff knew nothing about it.	0
it also lowered the ratings of $70 million of Pinnacle's MeraBank thrift unit long-term deposits to B-3 from B-2, and on its subordinated debt to Ca from Caa.	MeraBank's rating for short-term deposits remains Not Prime.	1
I don't think it will lead to any chaos in the secondary market only a sagging tendency.	The "markets are headed for growth unheard of and unseen before.	0
Against the rapid cosmetic overhaul of the Socialist Party the LDP has been paralyzed.	Now is the time to reform the government from a provider, developing-country vanguard role to that of a modern, industrialized nation in which consumers have the ultimate choice.	0
Airborne Freight climbed 1 1/8 to 38 1/2.	Its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier and exceeded analysts' expectations.	0
Months after railway worker Zacharias Lewala first picked up a diamond from the sand in 1908, the German colonialists who controlled Namibia proclaimed a wide swath of the desert a restricted area.	When the Germans lost World War I, they lost Namibia to South Africa and the diamonds to Ernest Oppenheimer, patriarch of Anglo American Corp. and De Beers.	1
Three Soviet government officials will visit Tehran next month for talks.	Under an agreement signed last June, the Soviets will help Iran in oil exploration and other areas in return for exports of Iranian natural gas.	1
For the nine months, Jefferies said net fell 39%, to $6.8 million, or $1.07 a share, from $11.1 million, or $1.50 a share.	Revenue fell 3%, to $105.2 million from $108.4 million.	1
Pinpoint's computers pick the most relevant for each subscriber and lay them out in a three-to-five-page newsletter format.	each newsletter is sent directly from the computer to the subscriber's fax machine.	1
Mr. Cortese, a 33-year-old Delta Air Lines engineer, invested some $2,000 in penny stocks through a broker who promised quick returns.	We were saving up to buy a house, and my wife was pregnant.	1
A corporation that wants to sell stock or bonds goes to a Wall Street firm, which purchases the securities outright, accepting the financial risk of finding buyers.	If the investment bank can sell the securities at a higher price than it paid the issuer, it makes a profit.	1
The Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond ended about 1/2 point higher, or up about $5 for each $1,000 face amount, while the yield slid to 7.93% from 7.98% Friday.	Municipals ended mixed, while mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose.	0
The malaise has created a nostalgic longing for the uncomplicated days of the mid-1980s.	People come to us saying they'd like to be back where they were a few years ago, in a more collegial atmosphere, with less tension," says Stephen Waterhouse, managing director of Hanover Partners Ltd., a financial district head-hunting firm.	0
When it comes to investing, trying to weigh risk and reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded.	Investors don't know the actual returns that securities will deliver, or the ups and downs that will occur along the way.	0
Using Gnu-Emacs, the spy could substitute a bogus "atrun" program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes.	Once his cuckoo's egg was laid, he could enter Unix and become a "super-user," with access to everything.	1
and, in the meantime, is sticking to his "buy" recommendation on the belief that he will find "values" of 30 a share.	If for any reason I don't have the values, then I won't recommend it.	0
Late in London, the dollar was quoted at 1.8410 West German marks and 142.70 Japanese yen, up from late Monday in New York.	British sterling eased to $1.5775 from $1.5825.	0
Integrated made its announcement after the market closed.	In New York Stock Exchange Composite trading, Integrated shares closed at $1.125, up 12.5 cents.	1
Futures prices showed modest changes in light trading volume.	December delivery gold eased 40 cents an ounce to $380.80.	0
that for the week ended Friday, the balance of margin buying rose 189.8 billion yen ($1.34 billion), to 7.160 trillion yen ($50.46 billion.	The balance of short positions outstanding fell 159.7 billion yen, to 779.8 billion yen.	0
The Russians are talking peace.	The Palestinians are talking elections.	1
One of the friends sweeps broken dishes and shattered glass from a countertop and starts to pack what can be salvaged from the kitchen.	Others grab books, records, photo albums, sofas and chairs, working frantically in the fear that an aftershock will jolt the house again.	1
The joke here is that the Giants lost by de fault.	That's geologically correct, but a trifle unfair otherwise.	0
Instead of paying for parking by putting money in the existing machines drivers would be able to buy electronic cards in local tobacco shops.	Once activated, the card would sit in the car's window, showing traffic wardens how much time the motorist could remain.	1
They renamed it Swiss Cantobank and are using it to expand abroad.	In 1987, Mr. Rey bested leading publishing houses to take over Switzerland's Jean Frey AG, a major producer of magazines and newspapers.	1
The appetite for oil-service stocks has been especially strong.	Contractors such as Parker Drilling Co. are raising cash again through stock offerings, and for the first time in years, two oil-service companies recently went public.	0
A genetically engineered version of the human protein developed by Amgen Corp. of Thousand Oaks, Calif., recently has been marketed by the Ortho Pharmaceuticals division of Johnson & Johnson.	A competing version of EPO is being developed by Genetics Institute Inc. in Cambridge, Mass.	1
The businesses subscribing to Mr. Laband's effective price system will be remembered when normalcy returns.	Perhaps, considering the value of our time, we will be unable to patronize their establishments in the post-Hugo era.	1
Richard Arrington, Birmingham's black mayor, lamented the consequences.	In the past, people who had to run for office had to moderate their views because they couldn't afford to offend blacks or whites," he said.	0
Suddenly, on television, in advertisements and on their cereal boxes, Americans were inundated with news about the obscure seed.	The flood of claims and counter-claims worried consumers and actually hurt sales of the new cereals.	0
the merger will result in a "larger and stronger locally based bank.	We'll be able to better compete with large foreign banks.	0
Under federal transportation law, a government mediator is attempting to reconcile the melding of Tiger's job classifications into Federal's.	Depending on the outcome, the merged company may face union elections this fall among airplane mechanics, ramp workers, stock clerks and flight dispatchers.	1
The U.S. soon found new cause for concern: gun-running.	Prosecutors in Southern Florida indicted five Panamanians on charges of illegally running arms to Sandinista rebels trying to overthrow the Nicaraguan government of Mr. Somoza.	1
He succeeds Alvin A. McCall in the position.	Mr. McCall will remain chairman.	1
Mission Resource Partners lost 5 1/4 to 14 1/8.	The partnership, which had solicited takeover offers, said it failed to receive any adequate bids for all of its operations but is reviewing offers for individual properties.	1
I have an old-fashioned name for people in that position: sick people who need health insurance.	What we're seeing now makes a mockery of the idea of insurance: collect premiums from the healthy, dump the sick and let them pay their own bills.	0
Issuing states generally limit the guarantees to in-state institutions, however, and buyers get refunds without much interest if the children don't attend the specified schools.	Two private groups are seeking Securities and Exchange Commission approval for plans that could be more broadly transferable.	1
Some nights he slept under his desk.	His boss complained about neglect of other chores.	1
The new rate will be payable Feb. 15.	A record date hasn't been set.	0
It is fun competing as a private company.	You can think long range.	0
The Bush administration, hearing conflicting advice about what its role in HDTV should be, isn't doing much for now.	The only material support it is extending to the struggling U.S. industry is $30 million in awards from the Pentagon's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.	0
Mr. Nadir brimmed with self-confidence that he can turn Sansui around.	Sansui is a perfect fit for Polly Peck's electronics operations, which make televisions, videocassette recorders, microwaves and other products on an "original equipment maker" basis for sale under other companies' brand names.	0
Moreover, state officials are urging freight haulers to bypass many of the area's main highways and to travel late at night or during predawn hours.	Even so, "We're looking for chaos.	0
The company reported third-quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share, compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier.	A third-quarter charge of $3.5 million related to planned restaurant closings resulted in a net loss for the quarter.	0
When the weather cools hobos often hole up in abandoned houses.	People see activity in there, and the next thing you know, you've got a haunting.	1
they first recommended that First Interstate take a provision that was less than the eventual $350 million third-quarter hit.	When First Interstate balked regulators responded by raising their recommendation to $350 million.	1
The idea for Movieline actually was dreamed up by an old friend of the Volokhs, Boris Krutchensky and Laurie Halpern Smith, now the magazine's co-editor.	Mr. Krutchensky approached Ms. Volokh five years ago about backing the publication, which started out as a listing guide.	1
Of the $4.4 billion spent so far on the program, 60% is going for administrative costs, management and research.	Only 36 of 1,200 priority cleanup sites have been "decontaminated.	1
Most of the money was lent to a series of shell companies in Panama and Luxembourg that were owned, directly or indirectly, by the Vatican bank.	The Vatican paid $250 million to the Milan bank's creditors as a "goodwill gesture" in 1985.	1
Maybe I'll plant castor-oil seeds.	His brother, Parkhaji, whose head is swathed in a gorgeous crimson turban, nods vigorous assent.	1
Under the new terms, New World will still pay $540 million for Ramada's hotel business, subject to adjustment at closing, but Ramada will now reimburse New World for $10 million in expenses.	Prime will still manage Ramada's domestic franchise system when the sale closes.	0
Bach's "Air" followed.	Mr. Stoltzman tied the composer in by proclaiming him "the great improviser of the 18th century.	1
81% of Dutch people supported NATO.	Canada was the second most pro-NATO country with 78% supporting the alliance, followed by the U.S. with 75%, Britain with 71%, Belgium with 69% and West Germany with 63%.	1
These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers, people who had no encouragement and little access to an education or training for a better life.	Following World War II, when one family with mechanized equipment could farm crops formerly requiring 20 families, the surplus people were dumped into the mainstream of society with no Social Security, no skills in the workplace, no hope for their future except welfare.	1
However, the disclosure of the guidelines is already being interpreted on Capitol Hill as an unfair effort to pressure Congress.	It has reopened the bitter wrangling between the White House and Congress over who is responsible for the failure to oust Mr. Noriega.	0
One hundred and ninety two former greats, near greats, hardly knowns and unknowns begin a 72-game, three-month season in spring-training stadiums up and down Florida.	For everyone involved, it's one more swig of that elixir of youth, baseball.	0
and he was asked to switch to helping run the lab's computers.	He discovered a 75-cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named "Hunter.	1
The tough regulatory stance portends large future losses, especially at the state's thrifts.	At least six of Arizona's 12 savings and loan institutions have either been taken over by the government's conservatorship program or are essentially insolvent.	0
Kidder Peabody's Mr. Jarrett also sees some benefits to the stock market's recent drop.	We've run into a market that was beginning to run out of steam and get frothy.	0
Unlike the U.S., Britain never achieved even a momentary reduction in real wages..The wage stickiness, which OECD studies confirm is particularly high in Britain, gives its economy a structural bias toward inflation.	Inflation is easier to spark and harder to control.	0
Nine-month net fell 9.5% to $323.4 million, or $1.36 a share, from $357.2 million, or $1.32 a share, a year earlier.	Revenue dropped 5.4% to $3.48 billion from $3.68 billion.	1
Some 500 insects and 150 diseases wiggle, chew and romp through growers' nightmares, including maggots, mites, mildew, thrips, black rot and the flat-headed borer.	Even if a grower beats them back, his $2,000 rented bees might buzz off to the neighbors' orchards instead of pollinating his.	0
and everybody's showing off.	The guys are being macho, and the girls are walking around in little things.	0
The country abandoned its former devotion to socialist unity and took to insisting instead that each country in the bloc ought to travel its own road.	Mr. Honecker spoke of "generally valid objective laws of socialism" and left no room for debate.	1
action also was much slower yesterday in the Treasury market.	Bond investors paid close attention to comments by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan.	0
when the U.S. government will auction more than $30 billion of new securities.	Today, the Treasury Department will sell $15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills at the regular weekly auction.	0
Taco Bell has turned around declining customer counts by permanently lowering the price of its tacos.	Same store-sales for Kentucky Fried Chicken rose only 1%.	1
The disarray of the Bush administration's Latin diplomacy was evident in the failure of the Organization of American States to condemn categorically Gen. Noriega.	Faced with this embarrassment, U.S. diplomats expressed confidence that the influential Rio Group of South American nations, which gathered last week in Peru, would take a stronger posture toward the Panamanian dictator.	1
Dumez said group profit after payments to minority interests rose to 252 million francs ($40.1 million) from 148 million a year earlier.	Revenue rose 40% to 13.32 billion francs from 9.53 billion.	1
The Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond, which jumped 3/8 point, or about $3.75 for each $1,000 face amount, during the first hour of trading, ended little changed.	Interest rates barely budged from Tuesday's levels.	0
The strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff would construct the most effective defense program for each scenario, maximizing strengths and minimizing weaknesses.	They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the assumptions made, an analysis of its deficiencies and limitations, the impact on national security, and the best strategy for working around these limitations.	1
He told the woman's lawyer, Victor Blaine, that the short skirt was inappropriate for a court appearance.	Despite Mr. Blaine's protests, the judge rescheduled her case for Nov. 27.	1
A Chemical spokeswoman said the second-quarter charge was "not material" and that no personnel changes were made as a result.	The spokeswoman said the Frankfurt situation was "totally different" from problems in the interest-rate options unit.	0
The results met estimates of analysts, who had already slashed their projections after the company said in late August that its 1989 earnings could tumble as much as 37%.	A company spokesman said yesterday that Coca-Cola Enterprises sticks by its 1989 forecast.	1
Moreover Irish companies are small but spunky.	We have to study their experience very well.	0
There is incredible negative psychology building in the market.	People are very concerned about who is going to step up to the plate and buy municipal bonds in the absence of institutional buyers.	0
Lloyd's has lost control of the situation.	They aren't controlling their destiny like they used to.	0
After college, he worked at his father's insurance company in Little Rock.	Years later, with cash from the sale of the insurance company, he founded Arkoma Production Corp., an oil and gas exploration company based in Little Rock.	1
Later, Nissan borrowed other Honda practices, including an engineering "idea contest" to promote inventiveness.	One engineer developed a "crab car" that moves sideways.	1
On the other hand, so long as Mr. Gorbachev is easing his grip on his empire, everyone we've heard agrees that the U.S. can benefit by engaging him.	If a deal can be made to cut the world's Ortegas loose from Moscow, why not.	0
a frustrated Scottish Amicable fund manager finally tossed down her phone in disgust and called James Capel & Co., a London brokerage firm.	The firm did the trade in seconds on the London stock exchange's SEAQ automated-quotation system.	1
In its first day of when-issued trading here, Euro Disney soared like Dumbo to close at 814 pence ($13.05), up 15% from its 707-pence offering price.	The overall London market, following Wall Street's early nosedive, took a late beating.	1
there is more than one way to respond to a disaster.	For many companies, the instinctive first response is to cut costs.	0
After practicing law locally, he was elected to his first 10-year term as judge in 1971.	in 1981, he was effectively re-elected.	1
The Bear Stearns order that marked the late-day turnaround caused a "massive buying effort" as UAL jumped $20 a share to $170 in the last half hour.	With 15 seconds of trading to go, Mr. Jacobson announced to the trading mob: "We're going to trade one price on the bell.	1
she will learn, via a pelvic examination and ultrasound, not only that she is pregnant, but just how pregnant she is.	No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non-pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging.	0
The Attorney General's investigation was sparked by lawsuits and charges by angry California businesspeople that they were swindled in a bureau-sponsored directory project contracted by Better Book.	The uproar led to the closing of the Los Angeles Better Business Bureau in late 1987.	1
Du Pont's stock rose $2.50 a share to close at $117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.	Seagram closed at $84.75, up 12.5 cents a share in Big Board trading.	1
It named a new chief executive officer, former IMS International head Robert Louis-Dreyfus.	It rebuffed an offer by Carl Spielvogel, head of Saatchi's Backer Spielvogel Bates unit, to lead a management buy-out of all or part of Saatchi.	1
The less they know, the easier it is for us.	If someone asks, just lie and tell them it will be done.	0
It was a time when interest rates came down very rapidly.	Yields on five-year CDs at major banks were averaging about 7.45%, and 10-year Treasury notes were paying less than 8%.	1
Junk bonds are a highly stratified market.	There's a whole bunch of stuff that's money good and a whole bunch of stuff that's not so good.	0
In late May, Stena Holding AG and Tiphook PLC, launched a $50-a-share, or $777 million, tender offer for the Hamilton, Bermuda-based Sea Containers.	In mid-August, the companies, through their jointly owned holding company, Temple Holdings Ltd., sweetened the offer to $63 a share, or $963 million.	1
India's overregulated businessmen had to be persuaded, but they have started to think big.	and they require more capital than the smaller industrial units built in the past.	0
Within a few days in July, Inco raised its bid to $36 and United matched it.	On a single day Inco lifted its offer to $38 and then to $41, equal to $225.5 million.	1
Net income rose to $97.9 million, or $1.15 a share, from $50.5 million, or 60 cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales increased 7% to $1.49 billion from $1.39 billion.	1
Although manufacturers often are quick to call for lower interest rates, 60% of the executives said they would prefer that the Fed keep inflation-fighting as its top priority even if that means higher rates.	The other 40% said the Fed ought to worry less about inflation and bring interest rates down.	0
That's where the two scripts would diverge.	In affidavits filed in Los Angeles Superior Court in connection with the $1 billion breach-of-contract suit Warner brought against Sony for hiring the two producers, Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters tell one story..Warner tells another.	0
Xerox fell 3 1/8 to 59 5/8.	Disappointment with the company's earnings for the quarter led Prudential-Bache Securities to reduce its 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates, according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report.	1
Three days later, before the new embryo had become implanted in the uterus, it was washed out of the mother mouse.	The embryo had progressed only to a clump of eight identical cells.	1
to make buy or sell moves, the firm solicits Wall Street brokerage houses a day or so in advance, looking for the best package price to carry out the trades.	The broker winning the business doesn't charge commissions, but instead profits by buying or selling for less than the overall package price.	1
The pension's size still depends on how much produce he sells the state.	His allotment of materials also did.	1
its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower-than-anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990.	The projection sent Anheuser shares plunging $4.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.	0
The returns landed in the hands of an Internal Revenue Service criminal investigator, Samuel James Baker.	Mr. Baker interviewed or wrote to hundreds of catfish farmers, live-haulers and processors throughout the South.	1
Public Service of New Hampshire went up 3/8 to 4.	Northeast Utilities boosted its offer to acquire the company by $400 million, to $2.25 billion.	1
that even if the policies work to slow or stop speculation, apartment prices are unlikely to go down.	At best they will rise more slowly.	0
then the chairman said they would like to hear his manager's side and talk to witnesses.	The chairman promised Mr. Stone a decision within two weeks.	1
Or open up an electronics magazine and peruse the ads for sneaky tape recorders and other snooping gadgets.	Some would make even James Bond green with envy.	0
that getting rid of it any time soon for a similar sum would be quite a feat.	It's not beyond credibility the Rubens will someday be worth $12 million, but whether it could be sold for that amount tomorrow remains to be seen.	0
that takeover stock traders own UAL stock and options equal to as many as 6.5 million shares, or about 30% of the total outstanding.	that the arbs paid an average of about $280 a share for their UAL positions.	0
That's the troubling conclusion reached by many international investors and money managers angry at the malfunctions on Continental stock exchanges during last week's global market turbulence.	They say the recent market volatility has underscored the shortcomings of the way many European exchanges trade stocks.	0
At Jasper Jeep-Eagle, one of the largest Jeep dealerships in the country, inventories have continued to swell.	new rebates of $500 to $1,000 on the models have stimulated sales, but not enough to significantly cut dealer stocks.	0
First Interstate took a huge $350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank.	It charged off an estimated $200 million of Arizona loans, leaving the unit with a reserve for future losses of $255 million, about 61% of its $416 million of troubled loans and repossessed real estate.	1
they have punished only a few banks for violations of anti-discrimination laws.	it has issued five citations to banks over the past three years for discriminatory practices.	0
But the apple industry is ripe for change.	Red Delicious has been overplanted, and its prices have dropped below the cost of production.	0
We badly need to follow fact rather than the rhetoric of conventional wisdom.	Without this basic level of attention to reality, our policies on Cuba will continue to be as counterproductive as they have for 30 years.	0
He also is an entertaining writer, combining wisecracks and wordplay with programmatic detail and lucid explanations of how computers work.	In "The Cuckoo's Egg" (Doubleday, 326 pages, $19.95), he spins a remarkable tale of his efforts over 18 months to catch a computer spy.	1
In one, birds are the dominant carnivores.	in another the seas abound with "little penises.	0
Mr. Morishita considers himself a connoisseur of art.	In 30 years of collecting impressionist and Japanese paintings, he has acquired 600 items enough to persuade him to start a museum next year.	0
The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged a breathtaking 63.52 points in the first 40 minutes of trading Monday as stock-index arbitrage sell programs kicked in.	At about 10:10 a.m. EDT, the market abruptly turned upward on stock-index arbitrage buy programs.	1
The simplest, most traditional form of permanent insurance is the straight whole life policy.	You pay a set premium for a set amount of coverage, the company invests that premium in a portfolio of its choosing, and your cash value and dividends grow over the years.	0
that the sale was proceeding as planned.	The magazine is strong.	0
largely because he was credited with returning Trans World Airlines Inc. to profitability while he was its president from 1986 to 1988.	Before that, he was an executive with a manufacturing concern.	1
A black-draped cruise liner sailed into Naples yesterday bringing 800 Libyans threatening vengeance if Italy refuses to pay compensation for more than 30 years of colonial rule.	Another 250 Libyans were already in Italy to stage a day of mourning for victims of Italy's colonial rule between 1911 and 1943.	0
These people aren't necessarily stupid or naive.	Almost all of us in comparable circumstances might be victimized in some way.	0
Mr. Thomson, a tall, Scottish-born, right-hand hitter, stepped into the batter's box.	Thomson took a called strike.	1
William Morrissey, 44, was named executive vice president, world-wide director of McCann Direct, the direct marketing unit of Interpublic Group's McCann-Erickson agency.	He had been president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct.	1
At the peak of its power and influence a century ago, Lloyd's dominated the insurance world with a 50% stake.	It virtually dictated how ships were to be built and it monitored commerce through a unrivaled intelligence network in ports around the globe.	1
At Tokyo, the Nikkei index of 225 selected issues was up 112.16 points to 35486.38.	The index advanced 266.66 points Thursday.	0
Yesterday's election was a sequel to Enfield's annual meeting in June when Mr. Blair disallowed proxies in favor of two Hees nominees.	The Ontario Supreme Court overturned Mr. Blair's decision.	1
Fleischmann and Pons initially reported indirect evidence of neutrons being produced in their experiment but later conceded the measurements were questionable.	Researchers at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque, N.M., reported they went so far as to take a "cold fusion" experiment and three neutron detectors into a tunnel under 300 feet of granite to shield the detectors from cosmic rays.	1
Banco Popular just kept waiting.	They got a transaction that's good for both companies.	1
It was during the quiet exodus down the pristine concrete ramps of the Stick that I really understood the point of all those Walkmen and Watchmen.	The crowd moved in clumps, clumps magnetized around an electronic nucleus.	0
But a medical clinic with about 20 employees wrongly listed all of them -- including physicians and receptionists -- as independent contractors.	The IRS assessed the clinic $350,000 in back payroll taxes.	1
to learn that her apartment is on the condemned list.	She is told she can't enter unless she is accompanied by an inspector.	0
Soviet police clashed with demonstrators in Moscow following a candlelight vigil around the KGB's Lubyanka headquarters in memory of those persecuted under Stalin..More than 1,000 Muscovites attended the service.	A splinter group demonstrated in Pushkin Square, where the police clubbed and detained a number of protesters.	1
He and a Dartmouth roommate established a company that restored three hydroelectric power plants in Vermont.	At Yale, he designed one of the first solarheated houses to be built in Ireland.	0
The chamber voted 69-26 Friday to convict the judge of perjury and bribery conspiracy.	It marked the first time a U.S. official was impeached on charges of which a jury had acquitted him.	0
He helped persuade 10 of these senators to support him and Majority Leader George Mitchell on these grounds.	The budget reconciliation had to be dealt with by the Oct. 15 deadline, and these Senate Democrats refused to agree to allow a vote to append capital gains to the budget bill.	1
the big deficit reflects the slipping competitive position of British industry.	When the country gets wealthier, we tend to buy high-quality imports.	0
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums, deductibles and co-payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers.	Health benefits are contentious issues in the strikes against Pittston Co. and Nynex Corp.	0
During the late 1970s, he was part of a musical "brat pack" -- a group of budding virtuosos who studied at the Juilliard School with the noted pedagogue Dorothy DeLay.	His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz, a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student; Cho-Liang Lin, who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18; and Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg, who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition.	0
Marshall came clanking in like Marley's ghost dragging those chains of brigades and air wings and links with Arab despots.	He wouldn't leave until Mr. Cheney promised to do whatever the Pentagon systems analysts told him.	1
Some credit concerns, such as Bernard Sands Credit Consultants Inc., have told clients not to ship anything to Federated or Allied stores on credit.	This is especially true for spring merchandise.	0
Moreover, the U.S. can expect more competition from low-cost producing Pacific Rim and Latin American countries.	A Taiwanese steelmaker recently announced plans to build a Nucor-like plant.	0
but the session ended shortly thereafter, leaving the stock market set up for more sell programs.	By Monday morning stock-index arbitrage sell programs helped re-establish the link between stocks and futures.	0
The blood flows to your head, you feel lightheaded and you don't feel tension around the head or neck.	When you leave the room after your massage, people say you look like you're glowing.	0
So Mr. Moon is in retreat, refocusing on the Far East.	South Korea and Japan continue to be profitable.	0
These and other expensive changes in products ranging from auto air conditioners to foam cushioning to commercial solvents are in prospect because of something called the Montreal Protocol, signed by 24 nations in 1987.	In one of the most sweeping environmental regulatory efforts to date -- involving products with an annual value of $135 billion in the U.S. alone -- the signatories agreed to curtail sharply the use of chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs.	1
A few months later, CBS's college and pro football contracts come up for renewal.	they could go for close to $100 million more than CBS now pays, a 40% to 50% rise.	1
and Mr. Belli's courtyard was strewn with bricks.	Wednesday, Mr. Belli's staff wasn't permitted into his office by city officials worried about their safety.	1
Within a year he hopes Steppenwolf will move into a new 500-seat theater on that site.	The troupe currently performs in a converted dairy that seats 211 and provides little capacity for staging anything beyond a simple one-set production.	1
It won't do any good for anybody unless employees know about it.	Most managements hesitate to go all out in advertising their due-process systems for fear of encouraging cranks and chronic soreheads to file complaints.	0
The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what Japan and other prospective competitors are spending.	that Japanese government and industry spending on HDTV research is already over $1 billion.	0
Scott Wakeman was named president and chief operating officer of U.S. operations, titles that had been held by Mr. Weekes.	Mr. Wakeman was vice president of the instrument and controls division of closely held Omega Engineering Inc., another company controlled by Mr. Hollander.	1
Anheuser-Busch plunged 4 3/8 to 38 1/2 on 3.5 million shares.	Its third-quarter earnings were lower than analysts had forecast, and the company said it had lowered its projections for earnings growth through the end of 1990 because of planned price cuts.	1
The Roth plan would create a new, non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement, but also for the purchase of a first home and to pay education and medical expenses.	Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs but would be subject to tax.	0
National Intergroup, which owns 50% of the nation's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. -- posted net income for the fiscal second-quarter of $8.6 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with a net loss of $50.3 million.	Sales increased in the quarter ended Sept. 30 to $747.8 million from $623.5 million a year ago.	0
On Friday, the stock-index futures market was unhinged from the stock market when the Chicago Mercantile Exchange halted trading in Standard & Poor's 500 futures contract.	Futures trading resumed a half-hour later, but the session ended shortly thereafter, leaving the stock market set up for more sell programs, traders said.	1
That idea may have backfired.	Paribas is Allianz's main French bank, and it intends to stay neutral.	0
Navigation Mixte's 1989 unconsolidated, or parent-company, profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ($754.4 million), up from 633.8 million francs last year.	That is due mostly to payments from Allianz for most of the 50% stake it has agreed to acquire in Navigation Mixte's insurance business.	0
So two weeks ago, thousands of Brooks Brothers charge customers -- customers conditioned to wait for twice-yearly clearance sales -- got a surprise: an invitation to come in and buy any one item for 25% off.	During the four-day promotion, shoppers at the Short Hills, N.J., store lined up to pay for big-ticket items like coats and suits.	0
and that has helped galvanize the opposition, which last week blocked passage of two constitutional amendment bills.	It was the first time in 20 years that such government bills were defeated.	0
BEWARE OF HEAVY DEBT.	The companies apt to run into earnings problems soonest are the ones with heavy debt loads.	0
Scott Paper Co. said it is abandoning a proposed $650 million tree-farming project in Indonesia.	The eucalyptus plantation and pulp mill had been approved by Indonesia's investment board.	1
The judge came out and said, `Quick, let's put this on the record.	I said, `NOW?.	1
USED-CAR BUYERS who try to avoid sales tax by understating prices paid in private deals are the targets of a New York drive.	Estimating that the state may lose $15 million a year, officials announced the filing of 15 criminal actions and "hundreds" of civil penalties.	1
Given the weakness of the junk-bond market, can he finance a buy-out.	Mr. Icahn may not want to sell out unless he can get a special dividend similar to one he received before selling his stake in Texaco Inc. in June -- a coup that gave him enough cash to make his USX move.	0
One news show we saw yesterday even displayed 25 federal officials meeting around a table.	that the mayor of Charleston complained bitterly about the federal bureaucracy's response to Hurricane Hugo.	1
Our view is that we may see a profit decline.	Some think investors should sell into rallies.	1
THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY'S 1988 costs of fund raising and administration were $72.4 million, or 23.2% of its revenue.	A chart in last Friday's special report on personal finance contained an incorrect figure supplied by NonProfit Times, a monthly newspaper covering charities.	0
Maybe I'm a little stuffy, but I wouldn't sell them.	Who knows how much they'll be worth 100 years from now.	0
According to one analyst, workers at the Cananea copper mine in Mexico, which hasn't been operating since it was declared bankrupt by the Mexican government in late August, are set to return to work it will take about two to three months before the mine begins to produce copper in significant quantities.	that the Highland Valley mine strike in British Columbia is regarded as settled.	0
It is music for people who want to hear something different but don't want to work especially hard at the task.	It is E-Z listening for the now generation.	0
the "everyday low pricing" strategy that it adopted in March as part of a broad attempt to revive its retailing business.	Under the new approach, Sears set prices that were somewhere between its old "regular" and "sale" prices.	0
The sweep by the A's, whose pitchers and home-run hitters dominated the injury-prone Giants, will only make things worse for ABC, owned by Capital Cities/ABC Inc.	The network had been expected to have losses of as much as $20 million on baseball this year.	1
In December, the shuttle Columbia will try to retrieve a satellite that's been in orbit for nearly five years measuring the deleterious effects of space on materials and instruments.	Next March, the shuttle Discovery will launch the Hubble space telescope, a $1.5 billion instrument designed to see the faintest galaxies in the universe.	1
a surprising choice, but given the Swedish Academy's past perversities, hardly the most undeserved and ridiculous accolade handed out by the awarding committee.	In Spain, anyway, the 73-year-old Mr. Cela enjoys some renown for the novels and travel books he wrote during the parched Franco years.	0
Anthony Wang, president, attributed the drop to the disruption of the company's business resulting from the prolonged process of acquiring Cullinet.	The acquisition was completed in September.	1
Semifinished goods turned in a strong showing, with a monthly rise of 2% and a year-on-year advance of 3%..Food production was ahead 1.7% from June and 5.3% from a year earlier.	Output in the capital-goods sector was ahead 0.9% on a monthly basis and 2.7% year on year.	0
In one way, the psyllium middlemen -- the buyers and exporters -- are glad to keep news of the boom to themselves.	They want psyllium prices low for their purchases next year.	0
Some funds are posting yields far higher than the average.	The highest yielding taxable fund this week was Harbor Money Market Fund, with a seven-day compound yield of 12.75%.	0
Americans it seems have followed Malcolm Forbes's hot-air lead and taken to ballooning in a heady way.	During the past 25 years, the number of balloonists (those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter-than-air test) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand, with some estimates running as high as 10,000.	0
One longtime champion of these programs in Congress, Republican whip Newt Gingrich of Georgia, is distracted by questions about his ethics, conservatives note.	Other conservative champions, like Wyoming Republican Sen. Malcolm Wallop, a longtime SDI advocate, don't have the clout with the Bush White House that they enjoyed with President Reagan.	1
Pickin' one or two," says the guide, chuckling. "You can tell they've got nothin'.	A pair of black skimmers zig-zag past close to the surface.	1
The company has denied the allegations but has negotiated a proposed $18 million settlement of related lawsuits.	Analysts predict the sales impact will linger.	1
Should we focus on the region's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers and the school boards, mayors and legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways (abstinence or contraceptives) of decreasing teen pregnancy.	Delta problems are difficult, not impossible, to solve -- I am just not convinced that we are ready to solve them yet.	0
We are willing to share the political burden of being host to America, an imperial power.	We think it isn't such a great burden, that it carries no stigma, and we are prepared to do it.	0
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices.	Electronic gimmicks are key.	0
The firm has said it expects to pay $11.5 million overall to settle with states.	Drexel pleaded guilty in September to six felony counts of securities and mail fraud.	1
An improvisational section was built around pieces by Mr. Douglas, beginning with "Golden Rain," a lilting, laid-back lead in to the uptempo "Sky," which gave Mr. Stoltzman the opportunity to wail in a high register and show off his fleet fingers.	Bach's "Air" followed.	1
that currently the ratio of available copper to consumption is about 3.5 weeks.	the normal ratio is five to six weeks.	0
The junk market, which mushroomed to $200 billion from less than $2 billion at the start of the decade, has been declining for months as issuers have stumbled under the weight of hefty interest payments.	The fragile market received its biggest jolt last month from Campeau Corp., which created its U.S. retailing empire with more than $3 billion in junk financing.	1
These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index.	When the computers say "sell," the composite tumbles as well as the Dow Jones Industrial Average.	0
Net surged to $210.8 million, or $2.68 a share, from $26.7 million, or 33 cents a share, a year earlier.	The latest quarter included a gain of $193.3 million, or $2.46 a share, from the sale of New York Times Cable, completed in August.	0
And much home-equity credit is used conservatively.	The most frequent use is home improvement, which presumably improves the value of the property.	0
The brand early on achieved an upscale appeal -- a trait that some analysts believe is partly responsible for its staid performance.	Philip Morris, trying to revive the Benson & Hedges franchise, put the account up for review in 1986.	1
But as soon as the accords were signed, American officials sharply reduced aid.	In February 1989, when the Soviets said they had completed their pullout, the U.S. cut it further.	1
Officials expect difficulty routing traffic through downtown San Francisco.	The earthquake caused many streets to buckle and crack, making them impassible.	0
Ms. McFadden had been forced out in July in a bitter power struggle with Z. Lou Guttman, chairman and a longtime floor trader on the exchange.	that he was looking for a president who would be "responsive to the needs of the membership and the board.	0
Shortly after that, Sony would offer to buy Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. for $200 million and offer its co-chairmen, Peter Guber and Jon Peters, the chance to run Columbia.	Mr. Peters would fly to New York with the intention of telling Warner Communications Inc. Chairman Steven J. Ross that Guber-Peters planned to end its five-year contract to produce movies exclusively for Warner.	1
When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974, it was priced at $10 a share.	Dreyfus moved to the $1 price after the SEC set standards -- an average 120-day maturity of high-grade paper -- that are still the rule.	1
the network was "looking into what happened.	they were pleased with the extended coverage yesterday, including a special five-hour edition of "Today.	1
However, Mr. Ortega was included.	Formally upgrading the Sandinistas to a democratic status was an initiative harshly criticized in the Costa Rican press.	0
The Phillips facility manufactures polyethylene, polypropylene and K-resin, plastics used in a wide array of applications, including milk jugs and toys.	Plastics are the cornerstone of Phillips' chemicals operations.	0
Many of the branches are very lucrative.	That's just nonsense.	0
Net for the nine months was $254 million, or $5.94 a share, up 56% from $163 million, or $4.06 a share, a year earlier.	Sales rose 50% to $2.1 billion from $1.4 billion.	1
In the opener, Sony Corp. would agree to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. in a transaction valued at close to $5 billion.	Shortly after that, Sony would offer to buy Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. for $200 million and offer its co-chairmen, Peter Guber and Jon Peters, the chance to run Columbia.	1
For some time, we had forecast negative third- and fourth-quarter growth.	We pulled that forecast.	0
There's an equally pressing deadline for the government to define its monetary and economic ties to the rest of the European Community.	It has sent mixed signals about its willingness to take part in the exchange-rate mechanism of the European Monetary System.	1
when Congress first amended the Voting Rights Act to expand its reach beyond the Southern states.	In 1972, the Justice Department required that the electoral map in the borough of Brooklyn be redrawn to concentrate black and Hispanic votes, despite protests that the new electoral boundaries would split a neighborhood of Hasidic Jews into two different districts.	1
The bank also said its effort would continue past the Nov. 1 deadline set in that agreement and that the litigation between the two sides might resume as a result.	The thrift and the holders had suspended their lawsuits as part of the agreement.	1
that Mobil is reducing its U.S. work force because of declining U.S. output.	domestic exploration and production operations had a $16 million loss in the third quarter.	0
The crisis had peaked on May 10, 1974, when the bank disclosed "severe" foreign-exchange losses due to "unauthorized" trading.	Massive withdrawals followed and there was a brief rescue attempt, with political undertones, including $1.77 billion in Federal Reserve loans.	1
But prosecutorial guidelines are effective only if someone at Justice is willing and able to supervise hyperactive prosecutors.	Judge Sentelle, of the appeals court in Washington, made this point at a Cato Institute conference last week in a remarkable speech titled, "RICO: The Monster That Ate Jurisprudence.	0
At the initial sale last night, for example bids totaled $116 million.	That was slightly above Sotheby's presale estimate of $111 million.	0
Until his resignation, Mr. Lawson had been conducting British monetary policy as if the pound were tied to the mark.	When Mrs. Thatcher cut the top tax rate to 40%, Mr. Lawson flooded the country with money to prevent the pound from rising against the mark.	0
its board has approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split.	it wants shareholders to approve the split.	1
From the air, ribbons of yellow fire hose carry water from the bay to high-pressure nozzles trained on the site.	As onlookers stand behind barricades, helmeted firemen and building inspectors survey rows of nearby buildings that were twisted from their foundations and seem on the verge of collapse.	1
But the advance faltered as index-options traders and investors jittery about the U.K. economic outlook took over.	The unexpectedly wide U.S. August trade deficit of $10.77 billion hit an already jittery U.K. market in midafternoon.	1
Somewhere things went terribly wrong with apartheid.	today, whites even rely on blacks to police their separation.	0
Another reason for the intensity of the trade problems is that Beijing has extended the current clampdown on imports beyond the usual target of consumer products to include steel, chemical fertilizers and plastics.	These have been among the country's leading imports, particularly last year when there were shortages that led many traders to buy heavily and pay dearly.	1
The data is a red flag, but lacking the financial data you can't make a case that discrimination is widespread.	Certainly the federal government should take a hard look at it.	0
For the six months ended Aug. 12, Provigo posted net income of C$6.5 million, or eight Canadian cents a share, compared with C$18.1 million, or 21 Canadian cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales were C$4.2 billion compared with C$3.7 billion.	0
Signal provides stock quotes over an FM radio band that can be received by specially equipped personal computers.	The computers will display stock prices selected by users.	1
Democracy is forcing the abortion debate toward healthy compromise, toward the unpolarizing middle.	Roe v..Wade pre-empted political debate, so the extremes blossomed.	1
Mayor Art Agnos stands in the glare of television lights trying to explain for the 20th time why the city is severely restricting access to badly damaged structures.	A couple in fashionable spandex warm-up suits jogs by, headphones jauntily in place, weaving their way along a street of fractured and fallen houses.	1
that the government's fee-forfeiture power is to be used sparingly.	According to department policy, prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made.	0
The thing about the Dinkins candidacy is that it offers hope to a broad range of people.	It is a feel-good candidacy.	0
this is the event that will change the psychology of the marketplace.	His firm, along with some others, issued new buy recommendations on insurer stocks yesterday.	0
The talk of a sales tax rise follows a rebuff from Congress on the question of how much the federal government is willing to spend to aid in California's earthquake relief efforts.	The state had sought as much as $4.1 billion in relief.	1
but shortly afterward, the colony's markets were hit hard by the October 1987 global stock crash.	The subsequent drive to reform Hong Kong's markets also has embroiled the interest-rate futures contract.	1
Seiko Epson Corp., a newcomer to the industry, fought off a legal challenge and started selling NEC clones last year.	It has won about 15% of the retail PC market.	1
The dollar drew strength from the stock market's climb.	Long-term bond prices rose despite trepidation about what a key economic report will show today.	0
they have been able to pluck the five genes that produced the toxin out of the pertussis bacterium.	It turned out that although it took all five genes to produce the toxin, only one was responsible for the toxin's virulence.	0
Mostly because of the sell-off in technology stocks, the Nasdaq 100 Index of the OTC's largest non-financial issues dropped 4.58 to 457.52.	The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 2.38 to 458.32.	1
As the market dropped Friday, Robertson Stephens slashed the value of the offering by 7%.	Yesterday, when similar securities rebounded, it bumped the valuation up again.	1
The schools' central mission, educating children, became subsumed by the competing interests of bureaucrats, politicians and unions.	The classroom itself operated on the periphery of this awful system, discipline collapsed, and kids stopped learning.	0
which promises to limit rate increases to 4.8% annually for seven years.	Northeast Utilities' plan proposes 5.5% annual increases.	0
but a serious drag on thousands of small, friendly deals.	One especially dangerous aspect to the new tax would be that the proceeds will be used to increase the budgets of the antitrust division at Justice and the Federal Trade Commission.	0
Why, he used to lay in wait for Cap.	suddenly he'd leap from behind some statue of Marshall onto Cap's chest.	1
Three big drug makers posted robust third-quarter earnings.	Merck's profit climbed 25%, Warner-Lambert's 22% and Eli Lilly's 24%.	0
the closed-end fund's directors will consider Mr. Green's offer in a couple of weeks at a regular meeting.	He hasn't added anything.	0
scowls and throws it down.	It's a real dog.	0
that most of the improvement occurred in the second half of last year.	since February of this year, unemployment has been steady at around 6.2% of the labor force.	1
Left-stream economists I associate with were not hypnotized in the manner of their pliant colleagues.	All along they have been noting the tremors and pointing out the underlying realities.	0
When traders become confident that the stock market has stabilized, oil prices are expected to rise as supply and demand fundamentals once again become the major consideration.	Crude oil for November delivery edged up by 16 cents a barrel to $20.75 a barrel.	1
and in their spare time they build townhouses across the road.	On Main Street, Alida Verwoerd and her daughters look after the clothes and fabric shop, then hurry home to fix lunch for the rest of the family.	1
which agreed to purchase Milton Roy's liquid-chromatography line for $22 million in February.	Thermo Electron acquired some 6% of Milton Roy's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September.	1
At the scheduled time, Mr. Stone entered a conference room in a building near where he worked.	After the three members of the court introduced themselves, the chairman of the panel said: "Go ahead and tell us what happened.	1
It's the missing link" in Olivetti's product line between small personal computers and higher-priced minicomputers.	that Olivetti will continue making its LSX minicomputer line.	1
Sunshine Biscuits Inc., Woodbridge, N.J., awarded its estimated $5 million account to Waring & LaRosa, New York.	The account had been at Della Femina McNamee WCRS, New York.	1
The two said they must still do more laboratory tests, then experiment on animals.	They said they hoped to conduct tests on human patients in the U.S. by late next year.	0
Mission Resource Partners lost 5 1/4 to 14 1/8.	The partnership, which had solicited takeover offers, said it failed to receive any adequate bids for all of its operations but is reviewing offers for individual properties.	1
Shortly after announcing its quarterly loss, USAir's stock tumbled $3 a share.	It ended at $40.125, down $2.375, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1
These changes come a tad late for Princeton/Newport, the first RICOed securities firm.	It was forced into liquidation before trial when investors yanked their funds after the government demanded a huge pre-trial asset forfeiture.	0
Exactly right.	Now's the time to make the political case that Presidents need the line-item weapon to restore discipline to the budget.	0
However, Mr. Dillow said he believes that a reduction in raw material stockbuilding by industry could lead to a sharp drop in imports.	Combined with at least some rebound in exports after August's unexpected decline, the deficit could narrow to as little as #1.3 billion.	1
Yesterday's selling began after a Japanese news agency reported that Japanese banks, which balked at the first bid, were ready to reject a revised version at around $250 a share, or $5.65 billion.	Several reports as the day progressed gave vague or conflicting indications about whether banks would sign up.	1
As president, Mr. Lung, 42 years old, succeeds his father, Mervin D. Lung, 66, who founded the company in 1959.	Mervin Lung remains chairman and chief executive officer.	1
Another challenges Merrill Lynch's bond recommendation last year.	We're not running that ad campaign any more.	1
Energy Transportation retained Litigation Sciences, at a cost of several hundred thousand dollars, to poll, pre-try, profile and shadow.	Just before the actual closing arguments, the firm put the case to a vote of the five shadow jurors, each of whom was being paid $150 a day.	1
The Attorney General's investigation was sparked by lawsuits and charges by angry California businesspeople that they were swindled in a bureau-sponsored directory project contracted by Better Book.	The uproar led to the closing of the Los Angeles Better Business Bureau in late 1987.	1
Maybe Akzo can surprise the investment world a bit.	Akzo is likely to be one of the few major chemical companies to show profit growth next year.	0
Oppenheimer's Mr. Palmero, meanwhile, is steering clear of Gaylord Container, Stone Container and Federal Paper Board.	Mr. Schneider is cool to Georgia Pacific and Abitibi-Price.	0
that you can't steer..And neither can your pilot.	You can go only up or down and ride the air currents.	0
Your editorial mockingly entitles this legislation the "Lawyers' Employment Act.	For the 43 million people with disabilities and their families, this legislation is the "Emancipation Proclamation.	0
The family was in Allied countries during both World War I and the long period of economic strife of the 1920s.	During the Third Reich, the Rothschilds were a target of Nazi propaganda against Jewish financiers.	1
We said: `We've got a product: if you want it, you can buy it.	Now we're figuring out what people need, and are going back to make it.	0
as managers distracted by fears about the future allow their stores to get sloppy.	Thin merchandise selections at the most troubled chains are also expected to hurt sales.	0
Esselte Business Systems rose 1 to 43 1/2.	Esselte AB of Sweden offered $43.50 a share for the 22% of the company it doesn't already own.	1
The most worrisome stretch is 1.2 miles of waterfront highway known as the Embarcadero Freeway.	Until it was closed Tuesday, it had provided the quickest series of exits for commuters from the Bay Bridge heading into the Financial District.	1
In fact, yesterday the administration and Congress were still differing on what had been agreed to.	One administration official said notification was required even if the U.S. "gets wind" of somebody else's coup plans that seem likely to endanger a dictator's life.	0
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab's computers..After discovering that the hacker had taken over the dormant account of a legitimate user named Joe Sventek, he rigged up an alarm system, including a portable beeper, to alert him when Sventek came on the line.	Some nights he slept under his desk.	0
the federal judiciary is one of the last bastions of the generalist.	A judge must jump from murder to antitrust cases, from arson to securities fraud, without missing a beat.	0
The settlement stemmed from a lawsuit the dealers filed in 1982 when the Times began its own competing direct delivery service.	The pact calls for the Times to pay dealers $3.6 million over six years, as well as other payments in the form of subsidies over three years, based on the number of "new customers started by the dealers and on pricing structures.	0
The best team won this Series, which is more unusual than it may sound.	Baseball ain't football, where the good teams beat up on the bad ones.	0
that every drug that's marketed to a consumer should have a consumer label.	Searle is "the only company I know that voluntarily" will make consumer information available.	0
The early soft lenses were expected to last for a year.	In 1983 "extended wear" versions, designed to be worn for 30 days at a time, wree offered.	1
Maybe I'll plant castor-oil seeds.	His brother, Parkhaji, whose head is swathed in a gorgeous crimson turban, nods vigorous assent.	1
AIDS dementia is often the most striking aspect of the pediatric syndrome.	For some patients, AZT has restored the ability to ride a bicycle or solve puzzles.	0
TV evangelist Jim Bakker was sentenced to 45 years in prison and fined $500,000 for defrauding followers of his PTL ministry.	Bakker, who was immediately taken into custody, was convicted Oct. 5 by a federal court jury in Charlotte, N.C., of fraud and conspiracy for diverting more than $3.7 million of ministry funds for personal use.	1
and a resident who wasn't allowed to go back inside called up the stairs to his girlfriend, telling her to keep sending things down to the lobby.	A policewoman had to be called in to make her leave.	1
It makes people think, maybe this guy isn't so squeaky clean after all.	The result may turn out to be a lot closer than people think.	0
Esselte Business Systems rose 1 to 43 1/2.	Esselte AB of Sweden offered $43.50 a share for the 22% of the company it doesn't already own.	1
Stock prices slipped lower in moderate trading.	Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 155.7 million shares.	0
Her husband and older son -- a computer prodigy profiled in The Wall Street Journal in 1981, when he was 13 -- run a software company with expected sales this year of $10 million.	Most recently, she has become the publisher of Movieline, a four-year-old Los Angeles magazine that began national distribution last month, with an initial press run of 100,000 copies.	0
if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder.	They need only position themselves near a company's satellite dish and wait.	1
On the fourth "run" with the borrowed rod, the experiment began producing excess heat.	The experiment was stopped briefly to change an instrument.	1
After practicing law locally, he was elected to his first 10-year term as judge in 1971; in 1981, he was effectively re-elected.	Six years ago, Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state's 400 judges.	1
the decision was based on a long-term analysis of the compatibility of Wheeler Group's marketing business with other Pitney Bowes operations.	Pitney Bowes acquired the core of what evolved into Wheeler Group in 1979 by buying Dictaphone Corp.	1
The pilots argued that this triggered a pay raise for them.	Eastern has disputed the claim, but a federal district court, an appeals court and now the arbitrator have all sided with the pilots.	1
Recruited from New York University's MBA program, he rose within two years to head of production, overseeing such films as "The Way We Were," "Taxi Driver," "Tommy" and "Shampoo.	In 1976, he teamed up with record producer Neil Bogart in Casablanca Records and Filmworks -- later called Polygram Pictures -- where they produced such hits as as "The Deep," and "Midnight Express.	1
Another measure makes commodity brokerage firms liable for violations committed by independent floor brokers who execute trades for them.	This untried concept would expose these firms to potentially astronomical punitive damages.	0
they do so only for customers, however.	Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients' accounts.	0
That sounds like a formula for ensuring that he gets dragged into the next HUD tar pit.	A group of 27 Senators has written Mr. Kemp urging him to reject Cranston-Mitchell and focus on programs that empower the poor rather than create vast new government obligations.	0
Intermec, a maker of optical character-recognition devices, also reported higher third-quarter earnings.	Its shares added 3/4 to 30 3/4.	1
The male part, the anthers of the plant, and the female, the pistils, of the same plant are within a fraction of an inch or even attached to each other.	The anthers in these plants are difficult to clip off.	0
Lawrence Insurance also sold 3.2 million of its shares for $7.125 each to its parent, Lawrence Group Inc.	Lawrence Insurance plans to use the $22.5 million in proceeds to help finance the acquisition of United Republic.	1
For corporations, the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33% from the current top rate of 34%.	That rate would gradually decline to as little as 29% for corporate assets held for 15 years.	1
As president, Mr. Lung, 42 years old, succeeds his father, Mervin D. Lung, 66, who founded the company in 1959.	Mervin Lung remains chairman and chief executive officer.	1
he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte At the same time, he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas's bid.	For the moment he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas.	0
Tokyo's Nikkei Index of 225 stocks jumped 527.39 points to close at 34996.08.	The rise came a day after the year's biggest drop on Monday, when the Nikkei fell 647.33, or 1.8%, in response to Friday's 6.9% plunge on Wall Street.	0
But our education proceeded at the hands of those others, who were merely competent and conscientious.	In this sense, a teacher can be compared to one's family doctor.	0
For the nine months, Rohm & Haas net totaled $155 million, or $2.33 a share, down 17% from $187.8 million, or $2.82 a share, a year ago.	Sales rose 5.2% to $2.04 billion from $1.94 billion the previous year.	0
He took Polly Peck, once a small fabric wholesaler, and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980.	In September, it announced plans to acquire the tropical-fruit business of RJR Nabisco Inc. 's Del Monte foods unit for #557 million ($878 million).	1
To date, scientists have fingered two of these cancer-suppressors.	Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in 1986.	1
and marks the end of its national cooperative advertising efforts.	For years, the company's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels, for example, and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to "find the true performance label.	1
and in their spare time they build townhouses across the road.	On Main Street, Alida Verwoerd and her daughters look after the clothes and fabric shop, then hurry home to fix lunch for the rest of the family.	1
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at a price of 101 25/32 to yield 7.955%, compared with 100 29/32 to yield 8.032% Wednesday.	The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 100 9/32 to yield 7.937%, compared with 99 26/32 to yield 8.007%.	0
But I feel that if somebody doesn't get up and start talking about this now, the next time around, when we have the next iteration of these programs, it will still be true that everyone is scared to talk about it.	No politician wants to say what I just said, not for a minute.	0
The selection of Mr. Krenz may also disappoint Moscow.	Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev has pressed hard for a change in East Germany's rigid stance.	0
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent.	To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their financial backers realize that the congressional prisoner's dilemma game works to their disadvantage, the Republican Party will be hindered in its attempts to field a competitive slate of congressional candidates.	0
It hasn't been operating since May 15 because of attacks by native landowners.	A recent attempt to resume operations was cut short quickly by these attacks.	0
Rep. Les AuCoin was as blunt on behalf of the abortion-rights movement.	This may not make George Bush a one-term president," said the Oregon liberal, addressing the Republican side of the House. "But if you support him over rape victims, this may be your last term.	0
What we've done in eight weeks shows we won't have enormous difficulties getting to the place we want to be.	his sales force is signing up schools at the rate of 25 a day.	0
Decide whether you want a panel system or a single adjudicator.	A panel system like that in the Bob Stone example enjoys such advantages as high credibility and, for the panelists, mutual support.	0
James Cleveland, a courier who earned a Bravo Zulu for figuring out how to get a major customer's 1,100-parcel-a-week load to its doorstep by 8 a.m., considers himself far more than a courier.	We don't just hand the customer the package.	0
But several traders quickly stepped up and bid for contracts, driving prices sharply higher.	The market hovered near Friday's closing price of 328.85 for about a half hour, moving several index points higher or lower in seconds, then broke higher and didn't look back.	1
Bankers Trust "has had the capacity to do this for some time," the analyst said.	He expects Citicorp to take a similar step this year.	0
In September 1971 California officials seized "bootlegged" lenses after some showed traces of bacteria.	In October doctors were debating the product's safety, some claiming it caused infections.	1
Nobody was expecting this size of a loss.	One airline executive called the loss "amazing.	0
It is an intentionally vague document that will create a wave of litigation.	Judges will write the real bill as suits roll through the courts.	1
Within a year he hopes Steppenwolf will move into a new 500-seat theater on that site.	The troupe currently performs in a converted dairy that seats 211 and provides little capacity for staging anything beyond a simple one-set production.	1
Elsewhere on the takeover front, Time Warner advanced 2 5/8 to 136 5/8 and Warner Communications tacked on 7/8 to 63 7/8.	The Delaware Supreme Court affirmed a ruling that barred Chris-Craft Industries from voting its Warner preferred stock as a separate class in deciding on the companies' proposed merger.	1
The entry fee is affordable.	Issues typically are sold in minimum denominations of $1,000.	0
Their visa came in relatively short order, and they moved to Los Angeles.	Mr. Volokh soon found work in his field, but Ms. Volokh refused the obvious and available occupation-as translatorfor a Russian who spoke fluent English.	1
For them, it makes all kinds of sense.	They've been given a mandate from Switzerland" to expand their U.S. chocolate operations.	0
At the State University of New York at Brooklyn, researchers flash two groups of different letters on a computer screen in front of human guinea pigs.	Between flashes, certain areas in subjects' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator.	1
For the year, Winnebago had a loss of $4.7 million, or 19 cents a share, following profit of $2.7 million, or 11 cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales rose 2% to $437.5 million from $430.3 million.	0
A thin man in a gray suit looks up from a newspaper.	Mr. Niciporuk sits.	1
It arrived just as the regulator handling such operations was retiring.	His successor approved the $1 price in the process of clearing the backed-up papers on his desk.	1
By the time the market plummeted 10 days ago, Monetta was 55% in cash.	Last Monday, he started "buying the high-quality growth companies that people were throwing away at discount prices.	1
Yesterday, the Fed executed four-day matched sales, a technical trading operation designed to drain reserves from the banking system.	The move was interpreted by some economists as a sign that the Fed doesn't want the federal funds rate to move any lower than the 8 3/4% at which it has been hovering around during the past week.	1
expenses rose 4.5% to $2.73 billion from $2.61 billion, a $119 million increase.	Most of the higher costs were associated with acquisitions and growth in nonregulated business units.	0
when he and two colleagues went on an overnight fishing expedition off the New Jersey shore and caught nothing.	Upon returning to New York, "Exhausted, I got into a taxicab, and the woman driver said: `Americans make better fishermen.	1
and viewers will be given a 900 number to call.	Callers will be sent educational booklets, and the call's modest cost will be an immediate method of raising money.	1
If the heavy outflows continue, fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead.	Such selling could erode prices of high-yield junk bonds, already weakened by a rash of corporate credit problems.	1
They {BankAmerica} continue to show good performance.	In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, BankAmerica common stock edged up 12.5 cents to close at $32 a share.	0
Mr. Patel resigned as senior vice president of Par in April.	In July, Par and a 60%-owned unit agreed to plead guilty in that inquiry, as did another former Par official.	1
The board could eventually come under some pressure to sell the company because its members can be ousted by a majority shareholder vote.	The labor-management buy-out group plans to keep its offer on the table in an apparent attempt to maintain its bargaining position with the board.	1
Vice President Quayle and Budget Director Darman said recently they've joined the search.	On Tuesday, the subject came up again when Marlin Fitzwater explained the constitutional argument based on the provisions above to the White House press corps.	0
As Brooks Brothers jumps into the fashion fray, it will be playing catch up.	Many clothiers, especially Ralph Lauren, have cashed in on the recent popularity of updated Ivy League and English styles.	0
He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama's socalled G-2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier.	He became Gen. Torrijos's inseparable shadow, and the holder of all Panama's secrets.	1
West Germany's 7% bond due October 1999 was at 99.95 late yesterday, off 0.10 point from Monday, to yield 7.01%.	The 6 3/4% notes due April 1994 were up 0.10 point to 97.85 to yield 7.31%.	1
The hulk of Stalinism, it seems, will not quickly crumble away.	State monopolies will keep on stifling trade, "free" prices or not, until something else replaces them.	0
Two generations ago, Dad came to Las Vegas by himself for a little diversion.	One generation ago, Mom joined Dad.	1
Mr. Angell is incorrect when he states that the Soviet Union's large gold reserves would give it "great power to establish credibility.	During the latter part of the 19th century, Russia was on a gold standard and had gold reserves representing more than 100% of its outstanding currency, but no one outside Russia used rubles.	0
Mr. Shioya has turned the tables.	Today, he is publisher of Business Tokyo magazine, the first English-language business magazine devoted to coverage of Japanese business.	0
Comprehensive Care plunged 4 3/4 to 3 5/8 on 1.2 million shares.	The company reported a third-quarter loss and said it is holding talks with its bank lenders for an extension on some overdue debt payments.	1
In January, American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer, Richard A. Gilleland, 45.	A few days later, American Medical announced sharply lower earnings, taking charges of $24 million for insurance reserves and canceled real estate leases.	1
Despite heavily subsidized consumer industries, East Germans have for years watched the West pull farther out ahead.	In 1988, for the first time, economic growth came to a dead stop.	1
Volume was estimated at 800 million shares, compared with 678 million Tuesday.	Declining issues outnumbered advancers 505-455, with 172 unchanged.	1
B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks Fifth Avenue and float its big paper and British retailing businesses via share issues to existing holders.	Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10%, or about 153 million, of its shares and a 50% dividend increase.	1
It isn't every day that we hear a Violetta who can sing the first act's high-flying music with all the little notes perfectly pitched and neatly stitched together.	Never once did she gasp for air or mop her brow.	0
When Mr. Fazio offered the California-backed $3.84 billion plan, Mr. Whitten insisted that the full 14 pages be read aloud by the panel's clerk to underscore the range of legislative changes also sought by the delegation.	On the chairman's motion, the California package was subsequently reduced to less-binding report language.	1
but in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out three white-majority districts and six black-majority districts.	Richard Arrington, Birmingham's black mayor, lamented the consequences.	0
When a small company goes belly-up, for instance, the gossipy weekly magazines are often quick to link the demise with Aichi.	Mr. Morishita scoffs at those stories, as well as the ones connecting him to the Japanese mob.	0
B.A.T Industries, the most active Amex issue, rose 3/8 to 12 3/8.	The company received shareholder approval for its restructuring plan, designed to fend off a hostile takeover bid from a group headed by financier Sir James Goldsmith.	1
Industry executives are wishing Mr. Achenbaum well.	Leonard Matthews, then-president of the American Association of Advertising Agencies, called Mr. Achenbaum a "quisling" in an incendiary 1987 speech.	1
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern.	Mr. Jordan has served as executive director of the United Negro College Fund, director of the Voter Education Project of the Southern Regional Council and attorney-consultant to the U.S. Office of Economic Opportunity.	1
A UAL statement after the market closed Monday indicated that the airline's board wanted to keep the company independent, effectively crushing hopes of an immediate buy-out.	Five minutes before the Big Board opened, a preliminary price was flashed for UAL -- somewhere between 135 and 155, a loss of as much as $43 a share from Monday's close.	1
One spot shows a Sonata next to a rival midsized car, and an announcer says, "Listen to what they're saying about the Hyundai Sonata.	As the announcer reads favorable quotes about the model from Motor Trend and Road & Track magazines, the other car, which is white, slowly turns green.	1
During the trial, Mr. Lang asked Mr. Lorin whether he had been so upset "that you considered killing Mr. Laff? . . . Isn't it true that you were so worked up that framing Mr. Laff for this crime was the least that you planned for him?.	Mr. Lorin responded, "No.	1
The state's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that license or register professionals and businesses; from exchange agreements with the IRS, 24 other states, and two Canadian provinces, and even from phonebook Yellow Pages.	Thus armed for massive matching of documents by computer, they single out high-income groups, looking primarily for people who haven't filed New York income-tax returns.	1
In April 1987, evidence surfaced that commissions were paid.	The opposition charged that the money was used to bribe Indian government officials.	1
We cruise toward another set of pilings.	The guide scoops into a pail and puts a frantically wiggling croaker on the hook.	1
but even his replacement, the more personally genial Spanish biochemist Federico Mayor, has had little success at achieving reforms.	Several ridiculous projects continue, including the "New International Economic Order," which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else's statism.	0
They could be old or new, but they are magazines whose editorial quality needs to be improved.	They will be the next hot magazines.	1
The ad campaign is meant to contemporize the thought of National Geographic.	We want it to be a '90s kind of image.	0
Still, the long view of Robert Bork as constitutional thinker must be a spotty one.	His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine, which keeps the Court clear of transient group pressures and leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures and executives..Unfortunately, Mr. Bork failed to distinguish between such pressures and the emergence of great issues critical to a society that must be settled judicially if it is to cohere.	0
81% of Dutch people supported NATO.	Canada was the second most pro-NATO country with 78% supporting the alliance, followed by the U.S. with 75%, Britain with 71%, Belgium with 69% and West Germany with 63%.	1
The $1.4 billion robot spacecraft faces a six-year journey to explore Jupiter and its 16 known moons.	If all goes well, it will parachute a probe into the dense Jovian atmosphere in July 1995 to pick up detailed data about gases that may be similar to the material from which the solar system was formed 4.6 billion years ago.	1
Volume was estimated at 800 million shares, compared with 678 million Tuesday.	Declining issues outnumbered advancers 505-455, with 172 unchanged.	1
The country was renamed the Republic of Hungary.	Like other Soviet bloc nations, it had been known as a "people's republic" since.	1
As many as 50 of his employees at Specialized Bicycle Components Inc. ride with him.	When they return to their desks at 1 p.m., they have pedaled 20 miles.	1
The Wilmington, Mass., garment service company also boosted its quarterly dividend 20% to three cents a share adjusted for the split.	The dividend had been five cents a share.	1
U.S. Memories investors include Advanced Micro Devices Inc., Digital Equipment Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., International Business Machines Corp., Intel Corp., LSI Logic Corp., and National Semiconductor Corp.	he expects several other companies to join some time after the venture completes a business plan, probably later this week.	0
Over time, through benchmark surveys, the corrected data on service exports and imports have been gathered.	The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were expenditures by foreign students in the U.S. (net after expenditures by Americans studying abroad), some exports by professional firms (a law firm billing a German client for services rendered in watching legislation in Washington is as much an export as shipment of an American jet engine), and improved data from travel and tourism.	0
Stock prices rose.	New York Stock Exchange volume shrank to 166.9 million shares from 224.1 million Tuesday.	1
sales in the current fiscal year ending next March 31 of 480 billion yen, compared with 460.05 billion yen in fiscal 1989.	it expects full-year net of 16 billion yen, compared with 15 billion yen in the latest year.	0
The lonely woman walks on in the direction of the Plaza de Alonso Martinez.	Two men have a conversation behind one of the windows of the cafe on the corner of the boulevard.	1
Earlier this month, the Reserve Bank of New Zealand, the country's central bank, appointed the managers to run the investment bank and pay creditors.	DFC asked the central bank to appoint managers after it revised loan-loss provisions to around the same level of shareholders' funds of 180 million New Zealand dollars (US$105.4 million.	1
Four years ago, she was managing a film-processing shop and was totally bored.	A friend mentioned that she might want to look into a position at Aetna, if she was interested in a job that would constantly challenge her.	1
The Kennedy amendment would, in effect, legislate around the Supreme Court ruling.	Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death-penalty appeals.	0
Several phone calls and a visit to his broker's office later, the dentist found out that the $9,000 drop represented the current value of the premium he paid when he bought the CD, and that the amount wasn't insured.	This is one thing I was never aware of.	1
A Yale law school graduate, he began his career in corporate law and then put in years at Metromedia Inc. and the William Morris talent agency.	In 1976, he joined CBS Sports to head business affairs and, five years later, became its president.	1
The intervention has been friendly, meaning that they really didn't have to do it.	a more aggressive move wasn't needed.	0
After Laurel Bank tried to repossess the car, a vice president asked him to intervene in an unrelated legal dispute involving a trust account.	The judge wrote again.	1
Kay Peterson mounts her bicycle and grinds up yet another steep, rocky path seemingly suitable only for mountain goats.	After a tortuous climb, she is rewarded by a picture-postcard vista: a glade of golden aspens under an azure Indian-summer sky.	1
Intertan jumped 2 1/4 to 56 7/8.	The company reported that earnings from operations for the September quarter were up about 25% from a year earlier.	0
Although Axa has been rebuffed by Farmers and hasn't had any meetings with management, Mr. Bebear nonetheless appears to be trying to woo the company's executives with promises of autonomy and new-found authority under Axa.	He said Mr. Denlea would be a member of the top management team of the Axa-Midi group of companies, and would "help define policies and strategies of the group.	0
Big Board short interest fell 4.2% for the month ended Oct. 13, the second decline in a row.	Borrowed shares on the Amex rose to another record.	1
that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring, those costs were running at nearly 35% of group revenue.	At the same time four of six design projects were spiked.	1
But such skills were alien to Toni Johnson.	Four years ago, she was managing a film-processing shop and was totally bored.	1
While IBM has traditionally dominated the market for computers on the business side of manufacturing operations and has done well in the market for design tools, Digital has dominated computerized manufacturing.	Hewlett-Packard Co. also has begun to gain share in the whole computer-integrated-manufacturing arena.	1
and that the information was passed on quickly to Mr. Orr at his first meeting with company representatives.	Subsequent meetings, initiated after the company and two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts, were held to familiarize Mr. Orr with the company's self-policing procedures and to disclose additional information, according to GE.	1
In 1900, for instance, less than 8% of assets went into bank deposits.	That rose to nearly 18% during the Depression.	1
the company doesn't compute, much less disclose, inflation-adjusted, same-store sales.	that short-term comparisons "can be very misleading because of differences in timing of marketing programs from year to year.	0
that healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25% to 30%.	Troubled chains could see their sales drop as much as 8% as managers distracted by fears about the future allow their stores to get sloppy.	1
IBM has a near-monopoly on mainframes, with an estimated 70% share of the market.	IBM is five times the size of Digital -- and 40 times the size of Tandem -- and wields enormous market power.	0
the impact of the ruling on other cases involving thrift takeovers will depend on the degree of similarity in the facts.	I don't know if this will affect one institution or a hundred.	0
As part of the move, its affiliated U.S. company, International Components Technology Corp., purchased a Mexican plant formerly belonging to KSI Disc Products Inc.	The price wasn't disclosed.	0
A giant heater, working like a blowtorch, causes the mud to crust and burns off any wrappers.	After clanging around for an hour or so, the shiny, hot money pours out of the cement chute, where a giant vacuum sucks away the dried mud and burnt wrappers.	1
MEDICINE SHOPPE INTERNATIONAL Inc. declared a 3-for-2 stock split, and substantially boosted the dividend payout.	The franchiser of pharmacies said the added shares will be distributed Dec. 4 to stock of record Nov. 13.	0
You depict the bill as something Democratic leaders "hoodwinked" the administration into endorsing.	The opposite is true: It's the product of many meetings with administration officials, Senate staffers, advocates, and business and transportation officials.	0
In a letter to the BPCA, kelly/varnell called this "arbitrary and amateurish.	The landscape architects were expelled from the garden in July.	0
the case of Matthew Valentine.	Mr. Valentine, who pleaded guilty to five counts of fraud in federal court in Los Angeles, drove a leased Mercedes and lived in an expensive home on Lido Isle, an island in Newport's harbor, according to investigators.	0
In 30 years of collecting impressionist and Japanese paintings, he has acquired 600 items enough to persuade him to start a museum next year.	he spent $300 million on his art business this year.	0
So the SEC has proposed to Congress that much of the job of oversight be turned over to an industry-funded, self-regulatory organization patterned on the National Association of Securities Dealers.	Such an organization could, among other things, set minimum standards for competence, ethics and finances and punish those investment advisers who broke the rules.	1
They went up 51% last year, and they'll do it again this year.	They were a sleeper.	0
No trading existed for the vast majority of junk bonds.	On Friday, trading in practically every issue ground to a halt as potential buyers fled and brokerage firms were unwilling to provide bid and offer prices for most issues.	1
For a short time after June 4, it appeared that the trade picture would remain fairly bright.	Many foreign trading offices in Hong Kong were swamped with telexes and telephone calls from Chinese trade officials urging them not to sever ties.	1
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals.	In East Berlin, Communist Party officials considered legalizing New Forum, the country's largest opposition alliance, as about 20,000 demonstrators staged protests in three cities to press demands for democratic freedoms.	0
the thrift shouldn't face problems meeting regulatory capital requirements, despite the large reserves and write-downs and stiffer regulatory requirements that should be in place by year's end.	Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6%, and total equity was $457.9 million.	0
But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene that, if damaged, flipped a colon cell into full-blown malignancy.	They focused on chromosome 17.	1
The biotechnology firms may be setting up their own competitors.	that until now the Japanese have only acquired equity positions in U.S. biotechnology companies.	0
But the pool of federal emergency-relief funds already is running low because of the heavy costs of cleaning up Hurricane Hugo, and Congress will be under pressure to allocate more money quickly.	In Hugo's wake, Congress allocated $1.1 billion in relief funds.	1
I see a lot of evidence indicating a slower economy, and that means my interest-rate outlook has a downward tilt.	Fed officials probably won't drive down rates immediately.	0
In the U.S., the search for oil had been headed toward environmentally sensitive areas believed to have vast reserves.	Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge alone is thought to hide more than three billion barrels of oil.	0
Given Democratic frustration with the Reagan victories and Court appointments, the contingency plans in place, and Mr. Bork's paper trail of vulnerable writings, it was pretty clear that Judge Bork never stood much chance of being confirmed.	As Mr. Bronner himself says, the smell of "raw meat" was in the air.	0
Dumez said group profit after payments to minority interests rose to 252 million francs ($40.1 million) from 148 million a year earlier.	Revenue rose 40% to 13.32 billion francs from 9.53 billion.	1
In 1982, he started a factory in Greece.	Two years later, he opened one in West Germany.	1
Rumors that Unilever is interested in acquiring Schering-Plough Corp. 's Maybelline unit are widespread.	Unilever won't comment.	0
Compaq, which said it discovered the bugs, still plans to announce new 486 products on Nov. 6..Because of the glitch, however, the company said it doesn't know when its machine will be commercially available.	That's a break from Compaq tradition, because the company doesn't announce products until they're actually at the dealers.	0
Big indexer Bankers Trust Co. also uses futures in a strategy that on average has added one percentage point to its enhanced fund's returns.	it's a good idea to jump between the S&P 500 stocks and futures.	0
None of the problems is necessarily fatal, and they aren't all necessarily even related.	There are also other factors at work that are outside IBM's control, such as currency exchange rates.	1
Texaco has also been attempting to sell oil properties.	At least two years ago, the company put 60 million barrels of oil reserves on the block.	0
Politics also influences the government's thinking on the anti-takeover restriction.	The Conservatives don't dare jeopardize marginal Tory seats in Coventry.	0
Last week came news of alarm in Venice over a plan to tap gas fields off the city's coast.	Now comes word from a scientist that over the next century Venice will sink nearly three times faster than the present rate because of the "greenhouse effect.	0
Mr. Schneider is cool to Georgia Pacific and Abitibi-Price.	Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber would avoid Union Camp.	0
Any push for a Gorbachev vision of a "common European home," implying the eventual dissolution of the EC, a Soviet-German partnership and the withdrawal of U.S. forces, "would be a very, very serious problem.	a Bismarckian super state will emerge that would dominate Europe.	0
particularly if Saab is a reasonably attractive proposition.	He thinks Saab-Scania AB on Friday will announce the sale of 50% of its car division to Ford.	0
Asked the same question after his appearance, Democrat Florio identifies a staff member by name and explains her whereabouts today.	When he is presented with a poster celebrating the organization's 20th anniversary, he recognizes a photograph of one of the founders and recalls time spent together in Camden.	0
The landslide was fueled by panic that prevailed in India at the time.	Mrs. Gandhi had been assassinated by separatist Sikhs, and many Indians feared their country might split apart.	0
The apparent crash became top secret, and the alien creatures went away upset with the rude ways of human beings.	We lost our chance to communicate with sweet-natured visitors "about four feet tall {who} looked as though they were made of puffed-up marshmallow.	0
discounting is so prevalent that "we have to serve 15% to 20% more customers" to keep sales level.	It's almost as if you're doing extra work to give away the food.	0
Everybody forgets that there are fashion cycles in classic merchandise.	For women, dressing for success in a real structured way is over.	0
In five minutes, the Dow industrials climbed almost 30 points.	The big futures buying triggered stock-index buy programs that eventually trimmed the Dow's loss to 31 points by 11 a.m.	1
Yvon Bussieres was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of Provigo, a new position.	Mr. Bussieres was president and chief operating officer of Provigo's Quebec retail and wholesale grocery unit.	1
He savored the humor of his uncombed appearance among these buttoned-up chaps.	Back in Berkeley, he was violently scolded by a left-wing lady friend for consorting with such people.	1
You bet attention," I yelled back, leaping atop the propane tanks, "I'm wearing alligator loafers.	Our pilot simply laughed, fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us, oh, a good 12-inches above the water level.	1
But Mr. Powers has purchased asset-backed issues for individuals with tax-deferred accounts, such as retirement plans.	that institutions buying asset-backed issues in large quantities can earn higher spreads over Treasurys than individuals buying smaller amounts.	0
and he had the impression other federal security agencies were tangled up in legal red tape.	The CIA told him it does not do domestic counterespionage.	0
Early last year, after a 140-point, one-day drop in the Dow, the Big Board instituted the collar, which banned program trading through the Big Board's computers whenever the Dow moved 50 points up or down in a day.	It didn't work.	0
Even some House Banking Committee members could suffer from the fallout.	Mr. Keating raised $20,000 for Rep. Doug Barnard's 1986 re-election campaign while the Georgia Democrat was taking his side against regulators who wanted to curb risky investments and wholesale deposit brokering.	0
When you're at the club, you ask whether they've spoken to `G.	Now they know who you mean and you know who you mean.	0
At the time, Mr. Gonzalez said several senators told him that they "could get some roadblocks out of the way if there could be some understanding on Garn's insistence on Wall.	Now Mr. Gonzalez is holding the equivalent of reconfirmation hearings anyway, under the guise of the Lincoln investigation.	0
Next month, talks will begin on two coveted CBS contracts, for the pro and college basketball finals.	CBS is likely to spend whatever it takes to keep them.	1
The Fed's reluctance to ease credit now could be laying the groundwork for a new recession, perhaps starting early next year.	If that happens, Chairman Greenspan could well become an open target.	1
The NIH is asking grant recipients and others for comments on the proposed guidelines until Dec. 15.	After that, it will make a final decision on the policy.	1
Generally, a short seller expects a fall in a stock's price and aims to profit by selling borrowed shares that are to be replaced later.	the short seller hopes the replacement shares bought later will cost less than those that were sold.	0
The dealers immediately showed their new acquisition to an expert and came to see it as a fake.	They persuaded Mr. Trotter to take it back and, with the help of the FBI, taped their conversation with him.	1
During the Monday market rebound, a New York exchange spokesman told Cable News Network viewers that the industrial average had turned down 70 points.	Stunned, Mr. Breeden turned to his market-monitoring computer, which by then was next to his desk.	1
It currently costs $750, though Mr. Sinyard thinks the price can be reduced within three years to between $200 and $250.	He was able to slash the price of the company's least expensive mountain bike to $279 from $750 in.	1
Subsequently, however, the ill effects are likely to be offset, at least in economic terms, as construction activity begins.	Because of the way the government keeps its books, the damage to the Bay Bridge, however costly, won't be counted as a minus.	0
While the exchange's equities floor in San Francisco remained open on a limited basis, orders were being routed and executed in Los Angeles.	Workers could dial out, but they couldn't receive telephone calls.	0
In the nine months, net rose 35% to $120.1 million, or $1.64 a share, from $89.2 million, or $1.22 a share, a year earlier.	Revenue increased 22% to $2.5 billion from $2.1 billion.	1
it quickly boosted stock positions in its "aggressive" accounts to 75% from 55% to take advantage of plunging prices Friday.	It added another 5% Monday before stocks rallied.	1
It's like "fire insurance.	Because a put option gives its owner the right, but not the obligation, to sell a fixed number of shares of the stock at a stated price on or before the option's expiration date, the investor is protected against a sudden drop in the stock's price.	0
Our net income isn't where we would want it to be at this point.	This deviation from our past growth patterns is caused largely by lower earnings at New York Telephone.	0
Coke said it will test market a caffeine-free version of its flagship brand, Coca-Cola Classic, beginning next week in Charlotte, N.C.	Other, as yet unnamed, cities will follow.	1
The 30 industrials led the market higher from the opening bell as foreign buyers stepped in.	By afternoon, the broader market joined the advance in full strength.	1
Net income rose to a record $155.3 million, or 83 cents a share, from $134.8 million, or 72 cents a share.	Revenue fell to $1.04 billion from $1.07 billion.	1
that the housing industry is still suffering the effects of the Federal Reserve's battle against inflation.	The industry had shown signs of recovery this summer, after the central bank began to relax its clamp on credit, allowing interest rates to drop a bit after pushing them up for a year.	0
Two Mexican college dropouts, not professional art thieves, have been arrested for a 1985 Christmas Eve burglary from the National Museum of Anthropology in Mexico City.	About 140 Mayan, Aztec, Mixtec and Zapotec objects, including some of Mexico's best-known archaeological treasures, were taken.	1
A leading U.S. human-rights monitor also was briefly held.	Dissident playwright Vaclav Havel reportedly escaped the crackdown, the fourth against activists in recent days.	1
For all of 1988, Dumez had group profit of 452 million francs after payment to minority interests.	Revenue was 21.98 billion francs.	1
Weirton Steel Corp., Weirton, W. Va., for example, is touting to homeowners fashionable steel doors, with leaded glass inserts, as a secure and energy-efficient alternative to wooden or aluminum ones.	Other steelmakers envision steel roofs covering suburbia.	1
Malcolm S. Todt was named vice president and senior officer in charge of equipment leasing to municipalities, a new effort of this bond insurer.	Mr. Todt had been vice president and treasurer of Insilco Corp.	1
Started three years ago, Chemical's interest-rate options group was a leading force in the field.	From 1987 to 1988, the value of Chemical's option contracts outstanding mushroomed to $37 billion from $17 billion.	0
From the parts of the transcript read by Mr. Lang, it was unclear what exactly Mr. Lorin feared might happen.	When asked for a copy of the transcript, Mr. Lang said Judge Thomas P. Griesa had instructed him not to release it or the memorandum.	0
But his inexperience raises doubts that he would have the political power to carry them out.	The 67-year-old Mr. Brizola has been vague about his intentions and often inflammatory in his rhetoric, but analysts say he probably would be pragmatic.	1
Never in my life have I been so frightened.	When I saw the pictures of 880 and the Bay Bridge, I began to cry.	1
Mr. Bush had been holding out for a bill boosting the wage floor to $4.25 an hour by the end of 1991, coupled with a six-month training wage for workers newly hired by any employer.	Under the compromise, the $4.25 level would be reached nine months earlier, while the training subminimum would be shorter, unless it is tied to a training plan.	0
And it calculates how often the words appear in the story compared with how often they appear in the entire data base.	The higher the ratio of hits to total words, the higher the presumed value to the reader.	0
breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned enterprises and farms and allowing a big private sector to flourish, helped by tough anti-monopoly legislation..The economy would be thrown open to numerous types of ownership between now and 1992, including factories leased by workers or owned by shareholders, cooperatives and joint ventures..Some forms of private property would be sanctioned.	Such moves would greatly reduce the power of government ministries, who now jealously guard their turf and are seen as one of the major obstacles blocking economic reform.	0
but with the understanding that Mr. Ty had repurchase rights.	His ability to match any bid has scared off many potential buyers.	1
For the nine months, the company had net income of $15.1 million, or 74 cents a share, up 98% from $7.6 million, or 38 cents a share last year.	Revenue grew almost 8% to $301.9 million from $279.8 million last year.	0
The trade surplus with Europe was pegged at $414 million, down 57% from a year ago.	South Korean exports to Europe dropped 5.3% to $3.02 billion while imports from there went up 17% to $2.61 billion.	1
it had sold $150 million in advertising time on the network to national advertisers.	several more advertisers have been added.	0
