The Financial Times 100-share index has dropped about 12% from its 1989 high of 2423.9 on Sept. 8.	Yesterday, even before the resignations were announced, the index dove 32.5 points to close at 2129.4.	0
In recent days, Mr. Krenz has sought to project a kinder image.	According to a report widely circulating in East Berlin, it was Mr. Krenz who ordered police to stop using excessive force against demonstrators in Leipzig.	0
In Greater Israel more than half the children under six are Muslims.	Within 25 years Jews will probably be the minority.	1
So he has arranged for a university foundation to set up a scholarship fund for undergraduate engineering students.	He plans to tell clients to pay certain fees directly to the foundation instead of to him.	0
But if you happen to be coming to Chicago in the next few weeks, don't fail to have a look at Robert Falls's "The Misanthrope" at the Goodman.	If Mr. Wilbur's translation is a finely ground lens through which we see the pettiness and corruption of 17th-century Paris, Mr. Falls's production is a mirror in which we see ourselves.	1
For years the five New York exchanges have been talking about cooperating in various aspects of their business in order to improve the efficiency of their operations.	Periodically, there has even been talk of mergers between one or more exchanges.	0
Just in time for Halloween, Britain's Oxford University Press is publishing a "Dictionary of Superstitions.	The books 1,500 entries include stepping on cracks and knocking on wood.	0
Across the country, resorts are using everything from fireworks to classical-music concerts to attract new customers.	Some have built health spas, business centers and shopping villages so visitors have more to do than ski.	0
Tax-loss sellers, those investors who sell loss-making stocks so they can deduct their losses from this year's income, are also getting out.	That's helping put pressure on both the market's winners and its losers.	1
Under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code, a company continues to operate under protection from creditors' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay its debts.	Under Chapter 7, the assets of a company are sold off to pay creditors.	0
A buy-and-hold approach to stocks continues to be the rule among respondents.	Most own two to 10 stocks, and buy or sell no more than three times a year.	1
The insurance concern said all conversion rights on the stock will terminate on Nov. 30.	the stock remains convertible into common stock at the rate of 1.439 shares of common stock for each share of preferred stock, which is equivalent to a conversion price of $17.50 a common share.	0
but now may end up signing the awful bureaucratic creature hatched on Capitol Hill.	It would create 38,000 local day-care commissions, answerable to the Department of Health and Human Services.	0
Profit margins at company-owned McDonald's outlets in the U.S. "are holding up quite nicely.	Profits of franchisees haven't been higher since the mid-1970s.	0
No major booms, no major setbacks.	Business has been good enough that he just took a spur-of-the-moment weekend trip to the mountain area of Cloudcroft, something "I haven't done in years.	0
In a letter to the BPCA, kelly/varnell called this "arbitrary and amateurish.	The landscape architects were expelled from the garden in July.	1
The wait was miserable.	Before granting Ms. Volokh's parents a visa, the government required her mother to obtain permission from her first husband, whom she had divorced 38 years earlier.	0
As expected, the longer-term tax-exempt New York bonds had yields nearly as high as those on taxable long-term Treasury bonds.	The yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond ended yesterday at about 7.92%.	1
that discussed the "image" of intercollegiate athletics for an audience of campus information directors and others.	We scribblers quickly concurred that not only was the bad rep of big-time college sports richly earned, but also that it could be corrected.	1
Akio Tanii, president of Japan's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., presented the U.S. consul general in Osaka with a $1 million check to help San Francisco's earthquake victims..The company's U.S. subsidiary, Matsushita Electric Corp. of America, had donated over $35,000 worth of Matsushita-made flashlights and batteries to residents shortly after the disaster.	Several other Japanese companies and regional governments have sent aid to San Francisco.	0
Some producers of polyethylene, figuring the inventory reductions are near an end, have announced price boosts.	The first real test of whether prices have hit bottom may come in the next several weeks, when the new prices become effective.	1
they plan to appeal.	he hasn't decided whether he will resign.	0
The volatility won't end soon.	This Friday brings the "double witching hour.	1
Rep. John LaFalce (D., N.Y.) said Mr. Johnson refused to testify jointly with Mr. Mulford and instead asked to appear after the Treasury official had completed his testimony.	A Fed spokesman denied Mr. LaFalce's statement.	0
Prices closed mixed as contracts reacted to largely offsetting bullish and bearish news.	On the Chicago Board of Trade, soybeans for November delivery closed at $5.63 a bushel, down half a cent, while the December wheat contract rose three-quarters of a cent to $4.0775 a bushel.	0
P&G set out to reposition the brand by broadening the product line to include facial cleansers and moisturizers for sensitive skin..It also redesigned Oil of Olay's packaging, stamping the traditional pink boxes with gold lines to create a more opulent look..Moreover, P&G shifted its ad campaign from one targeting older women to one featuring a woman in her mid-30s vowing "not to grow old gracefully.	The company says sales have soared.	1
But the issue is stickier than it seems.	France, Britain and Italy all have light tanks they would like to keep out of the talks.	1
It sure smells like it.	30% of the loans he sampled were "dead meat on the day they were made.	1
The rest, he is confident, can be raised.	His board members alone have pledged $800,000 and he is just beginning to massage local foundations and corporations.	1
When the fertilized cells divide to eight cells, a single cell from each embryo can be tested for genetic defects.	A healthy embryo can be picked for implantation and defective ones discarded.	1
For now, the union issue is the most nettlesome of Federal's Tiger problems.	Although encouraging dialogue between managers and workers, Mr. Smith doesn't countenance what he considers insubordination.	1
By the end of 1973, the number of "underlying" Big Board stocks had been increased to 50 and the options exchange had run up volume of 1.1 million contracts.	A year later, it was 5.7 million.	0
His more is always less.	Far from being minimalist, the music unabatingly torments us with apparent novelties not so cleverly disguised in the simplicities of 4/4 time, octave intervals, and ragtime or gospel chord progressions.	0
The closed branches, in San Francisco, Hayward, Santa Clara and Santa Cruz, sustained structural damage.	Power failures kept just seven of its 1,500 automated-teller machines off-line.	0
Its stock, at 9 5/8, trades at about 8 1/2 times estimated 1989 earnings -- an appropriately low multiple for a company with recession-sensitive customers..Mr. Bullock says 45% of revenues are tied to construction.	Analysts predict little or no near-term growth.	0
Finally, he got help.	Tymnet is a major network linking computers..One of its international specialists, Steve White, took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll's hunt, ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany.	0
A rambunctious shake-up is quickly reshaping Europe's once-stately insurance business.	Worried by European Community directives that will remove many of the barriers to cross-border insurance services, starting in mid-1990, insurers are rushing to find partners and preparing for price wars.	1
There are the strict monetarists, who believe that floating exchange rates free an economy to stabilize its price level by stabilizing the monetary aggregates.	There are the supply-side globalists, who seek to spread the advantages of a common currency through fixed exchange rates.	0
While not specifically mentioned in the FBI charges, dual trading became a focus of attempts to tighten industry regulations.	Critics contend that traders were putting buying or selling for their own accounts ahead of other traders' customer orders.	1
The administration should now state that if the {February} election is voided by the Sandinistas . . . they should call for military aid.	In these circumstances, I think they'd win.	1
The thing about the Dinkins candidacy is that it offers hope to a broad range of people.	It is a feel-good candidacy.	0
they needed kryptonite.	This became apparent as game one, a Sicilian Defense by Mr. Kasparov, proceeded.	0
MTV used one to give away the house that rock star Jon Bon Jovi grew up in.	For several years, Turner Broadcasting System's Cable News Network has invited viewers to respond nightly to topical issues.	0
George Marshall's ghost is much more difficult to keep happy.	We keep a lot of shrines to him around the Pentagon: statues, busts, relics and such.	1
The only other thing I'm really loyal to is my Virginia Slims cigarettes.	Coke and Pepsi are all the same to me, and I usually buy whichever brand of coffee happens to be on sale.	1
Analysts say investors remain skittish toward Salomon because of its volatile earnings.	In the first quarter, Salomon had a record loss of $28 million on revenue of $1.54 billion.	0
I'm talking about landing in a canal.	In a porous wicker basket.	0
You built your career on prejudice and hate.	The scars will be here years after the polls close.	1
However, the French merchant has about 200,000 tons of old crop Ivory Coast cocoa stored in the Netherlands from an agreement it had negotiated with the Ivory Coast last spring.	that even though the merchant has a contract stating that it won't bring this cocoa to market until after March 1991, there is some evidence the contract has been modified.	0
he believed Qintex Australia wouldn't be forthcoming.	He recommended that the company file for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code before the MCA deadline, according to a source familiar with the sessions.	1
In a great restaurant, don't deprive yourself.	The other meals don't matter.	0
While he is widely described as a man with deep convictions, he has few major political programs that he can call his own.	Asked about his greatest achievement in public life, he first speaks about the quality of his staff.	1
He asked me not to resign.	The implication that I was pushed aside wouldn't be accurate.	1
Under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code, a company continues to operate under protection from creditors' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay its debts.	Under Chapter 7, the assets of a company are sold off to pay creditors.	0
whose sales and market share in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989.	Rorer opted to sell Asilone and Thrombinar to raise revenue that would "kick start" its increased marketing efforts behind Maalox.	1
But maintaining the key components of his strategy will consume enormous amounts of foreign exchange.	Mr. Salinas needs big investment inflows -- quickly.	1
In addition, corporations are now shouldering a bigger share of the tax burden.	Corporate taxes paid for almost 12% of federal spending in 1988 -- excluding Social Security -- compared with less than 8% in the first half of the 1980s.	0
In the nine months, IBM earned $3.17 billion, or $5.43 a share, down 8.4% from the year-earlier $3.46 billion, or $5.83 a share.	Revenue increased 6.5% to $42.25 billion from $39.68 billion.	0
Mr. Paul nods in agreement.	I don't think I have a life style that is, frankly, so flamboyant," he says.	0
But quite a few money managers aren't buying it.	Weakening corporate earnings are no prescription for a bull market.	1
The financial problems are particularly frustrating for salespeople pushing Wang's image systems.	Consultants say that Wang's technology is among the best available in the image market.	1
Even where the Fed did not share this view it felt the need to accommodate to it.	Despite all the formal provisions for its independence, the Fed seems constantly to feel that if it uses its independence too freely it will lose it.	1
It isn't surprising that President Bush hasn't led a crusade to pump up the Contras or SDI.	Though he nominally supports both programs, Mr. Bush hasn't been a passionate champion of either cause, as Mr. Reagan was.	1
A cutoff of U.S. military aid would merely abandon them to die in vain.	Creation of a new, realistic U.S. policy is long overdue.	1
the settlement at between $6 million and $8 million.	That's the maximum, outside figure.	0
Company officials also said that any gain from the sale of Westinghouse's 55% stake in its transmission and distribution venture with the Swiss firm of Asea Brown Boveri will be offset by a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter.	The executives didn't disclose the size of the expected gain.	0
The illogic and inaccuracy of John H. Adams's comments for the National Resources Defense Council fully justifies your characterization of California's Greens in particular as "la-la activists.	We may all hope that California's voters will heed the scientific realities that their own university's renowned Prof..Tom Jukes provides them and ignore the charlatanry profferred by their "wealthy Hollywood weepers.	1
His contract makes him "exclusive" spokesman for Sears's home improvement marketing campaigns.	Ogilvy & Mather in Chicago, a unit of WPP Group PLC, will handle the advertising account and syndication.	0
The last six months has established the quality of the collection.	There's no fire sale here.	1
So far neither the Bush administration nor Congress is prepared to lead the way toward revamping health care.	The administration lacks a comprehensive health-care policy..Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988, which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage.	1
Mr. Etzioni also suggests forbidding anyone from gathering background information about the jurors.	Some courts release names and addresses, and researchers can drive by houses, look up credit ratings, and even question neighbors.	1
Some auto executives believe the benefits of more choice outweigh the drawbacks.	There's more noise out there, and the consumer may have to work harder to cut through it.	0
Such animosity could prove pivotal in the union vote.	A large majority of the 961 former Tiger fliers support the union, according to a union study..But though most of the 1,087 Federal pilots are believed opposed, it is unclear just how much their loyalty to Mr. Smith has been eroded.	1
NEC won't release its code, and every one of the dozen or so makers has its own proprietary operating system.	but NEC was ahead from the start and didn't need to invite in competitive allies.	1
Small businesses in suburban Chicago are discovering that an area-code switch Nov. 11 -- to 708 from the familiar 312 -- won't be without some costs as they alter stationery, among other things, and notify customers.	Wessels & Pautsch, a small St. Charles law firm, plans to mail 500 customers a list of its lawyers' new phone and fax numbers as well as updated Rolodex cards.	0
Despite the departure of Mr. Lawson and Sir Alan, the tug-of-war over the EMS could continue.	Sir Geoffrey Howe, deputy prime minister and a Lawson ally on the EMS, has signaled he will continue pressing for early membership.	1
that recent developments in Eastern Europe will expand markets for U.S.-made machine tools in that region.	There is demand for state-of-the-art machine tools in the Soviet Union and in other Eastern European countries as those nations strive to improve the efficiency of their ailing factories as well as the quality of their goods.	1
After the sixth congress, journalists seized the opportunity provided by the liberalization to probe previously taboo subjects.	Mr. Ngoc, 57 years old, had solid reformist credentials: He had lost his official position in the association in he early 1980s because he questioned the intrusion of politics into literature.	0
A sales tax increase appears to be the fastest and easiest to raise funds in a hurry.	According to the state department of finance, a one-penny increase in the state's six-cent per dollar sales tax could raise $3 billion.	0
Considering how tenuous the security of that runway is anyway, the better option -- both morally and strategically -- would be for the Bush administration to blast the regime publicly, in terms clear enough for all influential Somalis to understand.	It is a certainty that Mr. Barre's days are numbered.	1
Independent drillers are gingerly sinking bits into the Earth's crust again..Some in Big Oil are easing the grip on their wallets.	Investment capital is creeping back, and oil properties are fetching more.	0
Many resorts also are focusing more on the service side of their business.	Since 40% of skiers are parents, many slopes are building nurseries, expanding ski schools and adding entertainment for kids.	0
This isn't a distress sale.	We are determined to get good prices.	1
The sale to the Chinese government of 330,000 metric tons of wheat under the government's export enhancement program was announced after the close of trading Monday, but the sale was expected and failed to buoy prices yesterday.	As for other export customers, the Soviet Union isn't expected to be back buying U.S. corn in significant amounts until early next year.	0
it would never give notice to its customers.	The capriciousness would completely disrupt our operations.	1
he is considering a defamation suit against the plaintiffs.	The suit is almost in the nature of a vendetta by a handful of disgruntled people.	1
to bargain car prices at the end of the model year.	Car sales slackened in September after the 1990 models were introduced.	0
Last week, Budget Director Richard Darman structured the $16.1 billion spending reduction, half of which must come from defense, to "impose a little bit more discipline" by applying cuts to each individual program, project or activity in the budget.	That would give agencies "less ability . . . to fudge over things.	1
In addition, an unusually wide array of federal agencies moved to provide specialized assistance.	The Department of Housing and Urban Development prepared to make as many as 100 vacant houses available for those left homeless, the Agriculture Department was set to divert food from the school-lunch program to earthquake victims, and the Pentagon was providing everything from radio communications to blood transfusions to military police for directing traffic.	0
that except for damage to shipping containers in its Oakland yard, its track, bridges and structures were unharmed.	That railroad is operating trains.	1
Since deregulation of the market in 1985, producers have become much more intensely involved in both transportation and marketing.	It's a matter of being close to those suppliers.	1
Fund managers, for their part, defend their use of leverage.	Carl Ericson, who runs the Colonial Intermediate High Income Fund, says the fund's 25% leverage has jacked up its interest income.	0
Interest rates almost always decline during recession.	As surely as a seesaw tilts, falling interest rates force up the price of previously issued bonds.	1
That trend, and Wells Fargo's heavy exposure to leveraged buy-outs, are about the only worries analysts have about Wells Fargo's financial picture.	Wells Fargo is rebuilding its loan-loss reserve, which increased to $711 million at Sept. 30 from $664 million the previous quarter but was down from $852 million a year ago, when the bank still had some shaky foreign loans.	1
that fees from syndicating loans to other banks dropped 48%, to $21 million.	We didn't take part in a lot of deals because their credit quality was poor.	1
The Fed should guard against systemic risk, but not against the risks inherent in individual stocks.	It would be inappropriate for the government or the central bank to buy or sell IBM or General Motors shares.	1
UAL's advisers have indicated previously that it may take a while to come forward with a revised plan since they want to have firm bank commitments before launching a new bid.	They have maintained that banks remain interested in financing the transaction.	0
that this was not the company's finest hour.	Sansui was once one of Japan's premier makers of expensive, high-quality stereo gear for audiophiles.	0
Mr. Stone thought the discipline was unfair; he believed that his manager wanted to get rid of him for personal reasons.	Unable to persuade the manager to change his decision, he went to a "company court" for a hearing.	1
Using the the NWA takeover as a benchmark, First Boston on Sept. 14 estimated that UAL was worth $250 to $344 a share based on UAL's results for the 12 months ending last June 30, but only $235 to $266 based on a management estimate of results for 1989.	First Boston's estimates had been higher before management supplied a 1989 projection.	1
All of this talk is antithetical to the Tax Reform Act of 1986.	In exchange for dramatically lower tax rates, the framers of that legislation sought to eliminate most of the exemptions, deductions and credits that gave some taxpayers an advantage over others.	1
It's a downbeat, "thirtysomething" world, in which bright, still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor, doing free-lance, semi-professional work that brings little satisfaction or security but that they know they should be grateful to do.	Uncertainty dogs every aspect of their lives.	0
and concludes couples who don't achieve a pregnancy after four to six procedures should be advised that success is unlikely.	Some couples continue to try.	0
Yields on small-denomination certificates of deposit fell at about half the rate of so-called jumbo CDs this week, according to Banxquote Money Markets, an information service based here.	Investors can get slightly higher yields on deposits below $50,000 than they can on deposits of $90,000 and up.	1
but to have any hope of success it needs help from the Fed.	The central bank has been helping.	0
Money and women seldom have caused political scandals in Japan.	Whereas most men were a bit ambivalent about the sex scandals (though they were furious about Recruit), women were upset about both and surged to the polls.	0
Indeed, the OTS said that before the law took effect Aug. 9, it banned another "key Vision Banc insider" from insured financial institutions.	That individual wasn't identified.	0
and the sentiment in London is 90% anxiety and worry.	Britain's economic fundamentals don't look very bright.	1
But an all-out bidding war between the world's top auto giants for Britain's leading luxury-car maker seems unlikely.	We will not go over a certain level.	1
The December contract declined 1.85 cents a pound to $1.2645.	According to one analyst, workers at the Cananea copper mine in Mexico, which hasn't been operating since it was declared bankrupt by the Mexican government in late August, are set to return to work.	1
The new reports of sluggishness, which were foreshadowed by an earlier Labor Department report that manufacturing payrolls dropped by 105,000 in September, give the Fed another reason to further ease its grip on credit and lower interest rates.	They need to do something about this.	0
the introduction of a 3% consumption tax in April has helped sales.	The new tax, though a source of general resentment among Japanese taxpayers, replaced a higher commodities tax that applied to automobiles.	1
it wanted to bring out the mainframes as soon as it could to spark as many sales as possible by the end of the year.	The fourth quarter is always IBM's biggest by far, with most sales coming in December as customers seek to use budgets before year end.	1
The Turkish refugee tragedy and the ongoing crisis cannot be ignored and shuttled off to that notorious dustbin of history that has become so convenient recently.	Surely, the past suffering of any people at any time cannot be simply filed away and forgotten.	1
Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company's domestic sales and earnings, and more substantial increases in overseas results.	One factor helping sales and earnings was a 3% price rise for most P&G products, except coffee.	0
but courage of a rare sort made her remarkable life possible.	I've ever known anyone with a less complicated view of life, or whose life was more complicated than Josephine's.	0
The early soft lenses were expected to last for a year.	In 1983 "extended wear" versions, designed to be worn for 30 days at a time, wree offered.	0
sooner or later, the Japanese would have to fill up a large part of the gap on the naval side.	Maybe the Chinese, maybe even the Indians.	0
When market tremors start, it is crucial that as much information about transaction prices and the supply-demand curve be made available to all, not just to market makers.	Because of a lack of information and access, many investors are forced to stand on the sidelines when they are most needed.	0
The sales pitch mightn't be as farfetched as it seems.	Japan-U.S. trade relations are bumpy these days, and some Japanese favor decreasing their reliance on U.S. technology in light of the FSX fighter-plane flap, when U.S. officials reversed an earlier decision and refused to share certain crucial fighter-plane technology.	1
On July 2, 1987, the tanker S.S. Glacier Bay struck a rock and spilled almost 150,000 gallons of oil into the Cook Inlet.	Commercial fishermen and fish processors filed suit in federal court in a claim that has ballooned to more than $104.8 million.	1
At the very least, the odds are heavily weighted against the prospects of preventing the Khmer Rouge and Cambodia's communists from ultimately moving against their opponents.	When that day comes, it would be particularly awful to know that the United States sat on military aid and deprived these people of the means to settle their fate with at least a little honor.	1
some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets.	At a time when Americans are leveraged to their eyeballs, asset-backed investors may be taking a heady gamble that consumers will be able to repay loans in hard times.	1
The few million dollars I could lose today is nothing against what I could lose on the spring line.	I'm buying fabric right now for clothes which I may not be paid for until April or May.	1
and has asked Japan to accept a delay of shipments scheduled for later this year, into early next year.	Japan is perceived as a wealthy nation that can turn elsewhere in the world market and buy the sugar.	1
First, however, he has unfinished business.	When district authorities allowed him to resume manufacturing, they released only one of his machines.	1
The brand early on achieved an upscale appeal -- a trait that some analysts believe is partly responsible for its staid performance.	Philip Morris, trying to revive the Benson & Hedges franchise, put the account up for review in 1986.	0
Limiting care won't be easy or popular.	To slow the rise in total spending, it will be necessary to reduce per-capita use of services.	1
Meanwhile, overall evidence on the economy remains fairly clouded.	In his Mansion House speech, Mr. Lawson warned that a further slowdown can be expected as the impact of the last rise in interest rates earlier this month takes effect.	0
Certificates of deposit don't pay 23% a year, for example, but that didn't give pause to clients of one Alabama planner.	Now they're losers and he's in jail in Mobile County.	1
The specific scene he mentions in which pet dogs are crushed is somewhat reminiscent of the continual plights that befall the coyote in the old Warner Bros. "Road Runner" cartoons..There is no slow-motion close-up, blood-and-guts portrayal of the animal's demise.	Keep in mind that this is the same movie in which a character is flattened by a steamroller only to pop right back up and peer in the window of a Boeing 747 -- from the outside -- as it takes off.	0
But name-dropping has other benefits, often civic.	In the name of civic pride and from the desire to nullify a negative image, some city promoters seek to link their municipality with the most recognizable names the city has to offer.	0
a line-item veto would expand a president's powers far beyond anything the framers of the Constitution had in mind.	It puts this president in the legislative business.	1
Its shares closed at $5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading, down 37.5 cents.	The price of Columbia shares has been cut nearly in half since August, when they traded at about $10.	0
when Vice President Dan Quayle told an audience in Chicago that Mr. Bush was looking for a test case.	White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater confirmed that Mr. Bush was interested in the idea.	0
Wisely Ms. Bogart has kept Gorky's time and place intact.	Despite the absence of samovars (and a tendency to turn the furniture upside down), the production is rich in Russian ennui voiced by languorous folk sporting beige linen and rumpled cotton, with boaters and fishing poles aplenty.	0
I didn't say this, and I'm totally opposed to the philosophy expressed by the quote.	I have not offered and will not offer routine therapy with the two drugs, levamisole and 5-fluorouracil, to any of my colon-cancer patients.	0
The U.S. Commerce Department is planning to try out similar trips on U.S. businessmen in coming months under its Canada First! Outreach Program.	Participants in the U.S. missions to Canada are to be assisted by members of the Service Corps of Retired Executives, a volunteer group, in dealing with their export challenges.	0
But so far, most potential participants haven't decided.	Sun Microsystems Inc. said it's still actively evaluating U.S. Memories and plans to meet with U.S. Memories representatives later this week.	0
At the same time, Lloyd's is besieged by disgruntled investors and hamstrung by inefficient but time-honored ways of conducting business.	The exchange is gradually being squeezed into narrow, less-profitable segments of the market by less hidebound competitors.	1
as it has in Said.	His giddy dream of redeeming a life of "badly aimed bullets" by punishing the "real robbers" -- the rich "dogs" who prey on the poor -- leads only to the death of innocents, and eventually to his own.	0
I was amused to read your recent news stories on the banking industry's reserve additions and concomitant threats to cease making new loans to less-developed countries.	If the whole story were told, it would read something like this.	0
He doesn't know himself.	Even abortion opponents, however angry with Mr. Florio, can't hide their frustration with the Republican's ambivalence.	1
but ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more fairly and efficiently.	Congress is unlikely to go even that far.	0
And expect slower fastballs.	I'm not so young anymore," concedes the cigar-chomping, 48-year-old Mr. Tiant.	1
Volume totaled 132.1 million shares, which is about average for the year.	Of the 4,348 issues that changed hands, 1,074 advanced and 866 declined.	0
Spokesmen for Wendy's and McDonald's criticized Mr. Rohs's calculations.	the company doesn't compute, much less disclose, inflation-adjusted, same-store sales.	1
The most extensive damage was in small towns near the quake's epicenter, 80 miles south of San Francisco.	Santa Cruz County estimates total damage at nearly $600 million.	0
when he was assigned to the civil rights movement back in the 1960s.	He wasn't protecting the Freedom Marchers.	1
It is difficult, however, to justify civil disobedience, non-violent or not, where citizens have full recourse to the ballot box to effect change.	Where truly representative governments are safeguarded by constitutional protections of human rights and an independent judiciary to construe those rights, there is no excuse for breaking the law because some individual or group disagrees with it.	1
Mr. Laband, meanwhile, gets an A for his rote recital of economic-efficiency arguments.	Give him an F for his failure to understand the ethics of economic equity.	0
The switch to the London market during such turbulent times is significant.	For one thing, the size of the affected market is enormous.	1
She charged ahead of the government and the law to establish Hochiminh City Food Co. as the biggest rice dealer in the country.	Her success helped persuade Hanoi to take the reform path.	0
If a TV weatherman gets butterflies facing the camera again after a questionable forecast, Donald H. Straszheim surely understands.	The chief economist of Merrill Lynch & Co. finds himself in such a position as he buzzes the Midwest on his first road trip since backpedaling on a major prediction.	1
Then Procter & Gamble Co. agreed to buy Noxell Corp. for $1.3 billion.	That acquisition, to be completed by year end, will include the Cover Girl and Clarion makeup lines, making P&G the top marketer of cosmetics in mass-market outlets.	0
For more than a decade, virtually no one complained about Judge O'Kicki.	What about those institutions that are supposed to be the bedrock of society, the banks and the bar association. . . ?" wrote a columnist for the Tribune-Democrat, a newspaper in nearby Johnstown, shortly after the scandal became public. "If only a banker or a lawyer had spoken out years ago, the judicial process wouldn't be under the taint it is today.	1
There were some business deals that went bad," Mr. Jones says, "but no intent to defraud.	Newport Beach operations differ from the Hollywood boiler rooms in style as well as in dollars.	1
Another major electronics problem faces Mr. Thompson -- the creation of a 24-hour trading system that can be used outside normal trading hours.	In January, the New York Merc signed a letter of intent with the Chicago Merc as a preliminary step to joining their electronic system called Globex.	1
The unprecedented transfer of accounts underscored the options industry's desire not to have its credibility tarnished by potentially widespread trading defaults on Monday.	The CBOE, American Stock Exchange, Options Clearing Corp. and Stephen Fossett, owner of Fossett, joined in putting up $50 million to guarantee the accounts at First Options.	1
For example, Tenneco Inc. pays a quarterly dividend of 76 cents, which would be received before the February option expires and, thus, reduce the cost of using the technique by that amount.	In this case, the investor's risk wouldn't exceed 3.6% of the total investment.	1
the court's ruling clears the way for proceedings to condemn buildings in the area.	This project is ready to move.	0
Excluding the increase in loan-loss reserves, Bankers Trust said third-quarter net income would have increased 11% to $180 million.	A number of major banks have posted big losses after sharply increasing loan-loss reserves.	0
On Sunday, the governing Christian Democratic Union suffered a series of setbacks in municipal elections in Baden-Wuerttemberg.	investors are worried that the CDU won't be able to hold office in federal elections at the end of 1990.	1
In September 1971 California officials seized "bootlegged" lenses after some showed traces of bacteria.	In October doctors were debating the product's safety, some claiming it caused infections.	0
There isn't any rush on the part of investors in the West to buy gold.	They still bear the memory of October 1987, when they bought gold after the stock market crashed and ended up losing money because gold prices subsequently fell.	1
Becton, Dickinson & Co., for example, faces stiff competition from a Japanese supplier in the important syringe market.	The Franklin Lakes, N.J., company is expected to report sales growth of only 5% to 6%, but should still maintain earnings growth of 10%.	0
that for the week ended Friday, the balance of margin buying rose 189.8 billion yen ($1.34 billion), to 7.160 trillion yen ($50.46 billion.	The balance of short positions outstanding fell 159.7 billion yen, to 779.8 billion yen.	0
According to one analyst, workers at the Cananea copper mine in Mexico, which hasn't been operating since it was declared bankrupt by the Mexican government in late August, are set to return to work it will take about two to three months before the mine begins to produce copper in significant quantities.	that the Highland Valley mine strike in British Columbia is regarded as settled.	0
The first part, consisting of $2.5 million of 11 1/4% secured equipment certificates due June 15, 1990, was priced at 98.481 with a yield to maturity of 13.75%.	The second part, consisting of $28 million of 11 3/4% secured equipment certificates due June 15, 1995, was priced at 87.026 with a yield to maturity of 15.25%.	0
For the nine months, Polaroid reported earnings of $98.5 million, or $1.27 a share.	Last year, the company had a nine-month loss of $15.1 million, or 23 cents a share.	0
the European stock markets account for some 22.5% of global stock market capitalization, with an estimated value of $2.175 trillion, according to Morgan Stanley Capital International.	The Continental markets alone contribute about 14.3% of estimated world market capitalization of $9.671 trillion.	0
Mr. Hammack is eager to know what Aetna will pay for the house, which has to come down.	When will I get that check for a million dollars?" he jokes.	1
While the company has always been family-run, Mr. Brawer isn't the first person to marry into the family and subsequently head Maidenform.	Mrs. Coleman's husband, Joseph, a physician, succeeded Mrs. Rosenthal as president and served in that post until his death in 1968.	1
This system produced boring, boxy cars that consumers just weren't buying.	Desperately hoping to spark sales, Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships.	1
When the Supreme Court opened the door this year to new restrictions on abortion, Ms. Ehman opened her mind to Democratic politics.	Then a political novice, she stepped into a whirl of "pro-choice" marches, house parties and fund-raisers.	1
Where does Mr. Lehman get off castigating Gen. George Marshall for muscling in on naval prerogatives.	Ever since the days of Alfred Thayer Mahan (U.S. naval officer and naval historian) and Teddy Roosevelt the Navy has been the service most favored by Washington officialdom.	1
its relief manpower also is stretched.	FEMA still has special disaster centers open to handle the aftermath of Hugo, and spokesman Russell Clanahan acknowledged that "we're pretty thin.	1
because of a giant loophole in the one-party consent law.	Currently, if the person taping is a party to the conversation, it's all right to record without the knowledge of the other person on the line. (Intercepting other people's private conversations is illegal and punishable by five years in prison and fines of $10,000.	0
A mild slowdown probably would have run its course by early 1991 while the grueling downturn now expected could stretch into 1992.	Recovery could be hampered if Britain's major trading partners in Europe, which are enjoying robust economic activity, cool off as expected in late 1990 and 1991.	0
and that the two sides were still negotiating.	In every case, people would like to see a consentual plan.	1
When interest rates have dropped, it makes sense for corporations to do just that.	they then save on interest costs.	1
It's a bottom-line issue.	Business complained earlier this year when Sen. Kennedy introduced a bill that would require employers to provide a minimum level of health insurance to workers but doesn't contain cost-control measures.	0
The company increased its loan loss reserve to $354 million from $342 million at the end of the second quarter.	Total assets slipped to $31.4 billion, from $32 billion as of June 30.	0
The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold, a theology professor and exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean, N.Y., frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits, and he often obliges.	On certain occasions a spirit could be earthbound and make itself known.	1
Only a decade or so ago, casino managers balked at in-room TV sets and other fripperies that distracted from gambling.	Casinos today offer bowling alleys, water parks, golf courses, tennis courts, lush swimming pools and other diversions, and more such facilities are being designed.	0
Their verdict on real estate is almost the same.	Some 50% expect real estate in their local area to increase in value over the next 12 months.	0
Caldwell Butler, a conservative former congressman, was barred from a Legal Services post, after he gave wrong answers on abortion.	Even the president's doctor, Burton Lee, has said on the record that he'd love to be surgeon general but couldn't pass the pro-life test.	0
Ms. Bartlett threw up yet another wall, this time concrete, this time 10 1/2 feet tall.	She ran it the length of the South Gardens riverfront, blotting out the city's great natural water features, the harbor and the river.	0
It is not quite true, for example, that the Mexican government has "privatized" Mexicana de Aviacion, as Mr. Ortiz claims.	In the same sentence he contradicts himself when he reports that the government still retains 40% of the total equity of the airline.	0
Now, among Communist reformers, they are objects of envy.	Food is the reformer's top priority, the key to popular support.	1
The dispute between Eastern and its pilots is over a "pay parity" clause in the pilots' contract.	The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise..Shortly after Texas Air took control of Eastern, some Machinists union supervisors received a 20% pay raise..The pilots argued that this triggered a pay raise for them..Eastern has disputed the claim.	0
But such thin-slab technology is only the beginning.	Eager engineers espouse direct-steelmaking and direct casting, which by the end of the 1990s will enable production without coke ovens and blast furnaces.	1
But it's risky.	You don't want to lose the magic" of the company's creative drive.	1
Even some House Banking Committee members could suffer from the fallout.	Mr. Keating raised $20,000 for Rep. Doug Barnard's 1986 re-election campaign while the Georgia Democrat was taking his side against regulators who wanted to curb risky investments and wholesale deposit brokering.	1
Hercules dropped 2 5/8 to 41 3/4 on one million shares -- about six times its average daily trading volume -- after a disappointing third-quarter earnings report.	Merrill Lynch and Prudential-Bache Securities both lowered the stock's investment rating immediately after the results were issued Friday, according to PIR.	0
Gulf Power's guilty plea before U.S. District Judge Robert L. Vining yesterday marks the end of only one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co.	The company is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation into whether its officials and its utility subsidiaries conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes.	1
Some senior advisers argue that with further fights over a capital-gains tax cut and a budget-reduction bill looming, Mr. Bush already has enough pending confrontations with Congress.	They prefer to put off the line-item veto until at least next year.	1
We haven't modified our schedules in any way.	To switch to another vendor's chips, "would definitely not be an option.	0
a Senate aide contends LBOs will become somewhat more difficult.	There's no question it will make LBOs more expensive," he said.	0
And when they lose, then we can expect China to stop aid.	Let's put it bluntly..The Chinese cannot be seen to have made use of the Khmer Rouge and then discard them.	0
Jeff Bridges is the younger brother, Jack, who fancies himself the rebellious artist.	he lives in a loft with his sick dog and the occasional visit from the little girl upstairs, who climbs down the fire escape.	1
But for the next few months, these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul.	Now that the baseball season is officially over, you see, it's time for a new season to begin.	1
Revising employee manuals on pensions, health care and other subjects costs over $25,000 a year for Bert Giguiere, president of Professional Agricultural Management Inc., a Fresno, Calif., provider of business services to farmers.	An employer leaves itself open to a great deal of liability if its employee manuals don't reflect the most recent laws.	0
Ads for England are artsy and irreverent.	One ad features a huge robot carrying a voluptuous woman in a faint.	0
The Canadian government also has recently opened new trade offices in San Diego; San Juan, Puerto Rico; Miami; Princeton, N.J., and Denver, bringing the total number of such Canadian offices in the U.S. to 27.	The U.S. has six trade promotion offices in Canada.	0
The funds should help ease a cash bind at HealthVest, which has been unable to pay its debts because Healthcare hasn't made complete rent and mortgage payments since July.	HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank.	0
United pilots have shown on a number of occasions they are willing and able to strike.	If you have both {labor} groups on strike, you've got no revenue and that's a very scary thing for a bank to be looking at.	1
Cutting against the downward trend was Continental, which jumped 4 marks to 346 marks ($187) in heavy trading on rumors that the tire maker is about to be taken over.	It jumped 7.5 Monday.	0
Or the zero-coupon bonds turn out not to have been discounted deeply enough to pay your kid's tuition.	That's the dilemma for today's parent.	0
The suit, filed in federal trial court in Des Moines, Iowa, where Meredith is based, alleges that the diversified media company's relocation unit cheated the government by misrepresenting the value of government employees' homes.	The government contract required Meredith Relocation Corp. to purchase employees' homes based on independent appraisals.	0
One thing's for sure: There have been a ton of them, and greater beings than the editors of the National Enquirer have shown interest.	Gerald Ford, a fairly down-to-earth fellow, once sent a letter to the chairman of the Armed Services Committee recommending that "there be a committee investigation of the UFO phenomenon.	0
In a chilly conference room at Alliance Capital Management in Minneapolis, in contrast, the firm's money managers seem ready to pin Mr. Straszheim to the wall.	Alfred Harrison, the manager, shoves Mr. Straszheim's handout back at him.	0
Beantown scribes, who spare no invective when taking on local luminaries such as Michael "Pee Wee" Dukakis, or New England Patriots Coach Raymond "Rev..Ray" Berry, yesterday poured ridicule on new drawings of Globe columnists that replaced old photos in the revamped pages this week.	By late last night, Globe Managing Editor Thomas Mulvoy, bending to the will of his troops, scrapped the new drawings.	1
the thrift shouldn't face problems meeting regulatory capital requirements, despite the large reserves and write-downs and stiffer regulatory requirements that should be in place by year's end.	Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6%, and total equity was $457.9 million.	0
The Communists spent 40 years working to ensure that no such capitalistic structures ever arose here.	Building them now will require undergirding from the West, and removal of political deadwood, a job that Solidarity has barely started.	1
I'm on my own land.	I don't have to listen to what anybody tells me to do.	1
Futures prices rose modestly.	The December contract settled at 73.97 cents a pound, up 0.59 cent.	0
Pete and Jeff and Joe Jr. have taken over the reins and are doing most of the work.	this will affect that.	1
Wrong.	According to some of the grand panjandrums of the market, it never happened.	1
After four years, though, the South Gardens design is 100% uncollaborated Jennifer Bartlett.	She has done little more than recycle her standard motifs -- trees, water, landscape fragments, rudimentary square houses, circles, triangles, rectangles -- and fit them into a grid, as if she were making one of her gridded two-dimensional works for a gallery wall.	1
The bottom line, however, is not economic but political reform.	A long succession of Mexican presidents arbitrarily nationalized whatever industry they took a fancy to, without having to answer to the public.	0
PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms.	Bowing to criticism, Bear Stearns, Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer joined PaineWebber in suspending stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts.	0
Based on 1988 sales, Georgia-Pacific ranked third at $9.51 billion, behind Weyerhaeuser Co. at $10 billion and International Paper Co. at $9.53 billion..Nekoosa ranked 11th with sales of $3.59 billion.	The combined company would have had 1988 sales of $13.1 billion.	1
The California pension fund, which has $16 billion already invested in real estate and mortgages, could be a valuable funding source for that development.	The fund is the nation's largest public employee fund, and it has a growing cash flow now topping $3 billion a year.	1
Yet the evidence that we have not hit bottom is found in the fact that we are not yet helping ourselves.	The people of the Delta are waiting for that big factory to open, river traffic to increase, government spending to fund job-training programs or public schools to educate apathetic students.	0
The proposal has set off a lively debate within an industry that was far from united to begin with.	Mr. Schwartz, the puckish planner from Englewood, Colo., says that allowing the business to police itself would be "like putting Dracula in charge of the blood bank.	0
that appeared to urge the new leadership to heed growing calls for change.	According to the Soviet news agency Tass, "Gorbachev expressed the conviction that the leadership of the Socialist Unity Party of {East} Germany, being sensitive to the demands of the time, . . . will find solutions to complicated problems the GDR {German Democratic Republic} encountered.	0
We were oversold and today we bounced back.	Some accounts came in for some blocks in the secondary {market}, which we haven't seen for a while.	1
In a new position just after the opening, a computer will have serious problems.	In such positions you have to create something new, and the computer isn't able to do that right now.	1
that under the United Illuminating plan, unsecured creditors would be paid in full credits and interest of about $855 million, accrued before PS of New Hampshire's Jan. 1988 filing for bankruptcy court protection In addition, they would receive some $200 million in payments for interest since then.	that by next July they would have accrued unpaid interest equal to $350 million.	0
The realty unit might take on new debt or obtain additional investors, among other possibilities.	The Santa Fe Pacific spokesman declined to comment on that aspect, saying the deal was still under negotiation.	0
He fusses endlessly over economic statistics, dissecting them in dozens of ways, probing for hours in search of potential problems.	After thoroughly digesting reams of information, he often concludes that more data are needed.	0
Growth stocks will return to favor because of the jitters caused by the market's steep slide on Oct. 13, and because of the current swell of disappointing earnings announcements announcements.	Against such a backdrop, companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20% or so annually have extra appeal.	1
After then, the House measure would boost the tax rate to 28% and exclude from tax the gain attributable to inflation.	Senators are focusing on making a capital-gains differential permanent.	0
Hotel-casino operators play down the possibility of a labor shortage.	After all, 40,000 newcomers a year are settling in the Las Vegas Valley.	1
they didn't need to belong to a health club.	They're too crowded, and everybody's showing off.	1
It is a very unhappy scene.	It took Zhao Ziyang (former premier and party chief) 10 years to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work and now that team is part in exile, part being rusticated and part missing.	1
After-the-fact judicial examination of an actor's conduct has always been the common law's method.	When only civil liability is involved, this method has the undeniable strengths of factual specificity and avoidance of overgeneralization.	1
But should they spy one, the company will pay a bonus equal to one-third its value.	For these workers at the bottom of the mine's pay scale, this is usually enough to overcome the temptation to steal.	1
In a letter, prosecutors told Mr. Antar's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings, they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized.	Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar's allegedly ill-gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities..Therefore, they said, the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid.	0
to sort through international news wires.	It automatically selects stories from particular countries for reading by the international bankers responsible for lending in those areas.	0
I don't think anyone is now immune from takeover.	Every paper company management has to be saying to itself, `Before someone comes after me, I'm going to go after somebody. '.	1
But some are skeptical of the code's effectiveness.	The industry is based on individual honesty.	1
DESPITE GROWING interest in the environment, U.S. consumers haven't shown much interest in refillable packages for household products.	Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products, including Tide and Mr. Clean, in Canada, but doesn't plan to bring them to the U.S.	1
Complying with these is enough to make business owners look forward to their own pension days.	Yearly changes in federal benefit laws force small businesses to repeatedly re-evaluate and redesign existing plans.	1
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks, then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are "solely defensive.".NATO hasn't budged from its insistence that any gun-carrying plane has offensive capability.	The dispute over that issue, according to one U.S. official, is a "potential treaty stopper," and only President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev may be able to resolve it.	1
We certainly do have a lack of liquidity here, and it's something to be concerned about.	I have no reason to think things will get worse, but this market has a knack for surprising us.	1
BORLAND INTERNATIONAL, Scotts Valley, personal computer and software designer, annual sales of $72 million, had heavy damage to its headquarters and was conducting business from its parking lot.	The company doesn't expect any shipping delays.	0
Justice should review these cases to see what other prosecutorial abuses may have occurred.	We suspect that Justice will some day agree that only the complete repeal of RICO can guarantee an end to injustices in its name.	0
per-share earnings were 56 cents compared with the year-ago loss of $2.39.	Sales fell 1.5% to $884 million from $897.2 million.	0
Thus, higher bidding narrows the investor's return while lower bidding widens it.	The percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year, while the coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 365-day year.	0
but getting information about its operations was difficult.	Its telecommunications headquarters in Burlingame, Calif., had been knocked out since the quake.	1
certain volunteers developed kinds of antibodies associated with early AIDS.	Other antibodies sparked by the preparation are of a sort rarely present in large quantities in infected or ill individuals.	0
In other words, Congress won't let the CIA do much of anything anymore, and that's fine with the CIA.	The pay's the same, and the duty's lighter.	1
At the same time, the market is smaller than the market for IBM-compatible software.	For one thing, Digital, Maynard, Mass., has sold fewer machines.	1
At this price, $18 plus or minus, and with costs being significantly less than they were several years ago, the economics are pretty good.	If you know you've got stability in price, you can do things you wouldn't do with the volatility of the past few years.	1
Villages like Zalubice exist in a desert of poor schools and few doctors.	Farm income is 15% below the average.	0
Despite all the furor over program trading, program trading played a big role in yesterday's rally.	that as the big brokerage firms back out of program trading for their own accounts or for clients, opportunities increase for others to engage in the controversial practice.	0
setting the stage for a possible bidding war with GM.	Jaguar has been discussing an alliance with GM, but Ford's move may derail the talks.	1
the president's council now uses specific criteria to determine what is considered vigorous.	It must produce contractions of large muscle groups, must achieve 60% of maximum aerobic capacity and must be done three or more times a week for a minimum of 20 minutes.	0
There will still be deals.	There may not be as many and the buyers may not get away with some of the things they've done in the past.	0
as I was walking back to get in my car, I heard many, many people . . . opening champagne bottles and celebrating individual victories that some of us had accomplished in getting our little deal in the tax bill and winking at this person for slipping this in.	As I was driving home, I did not feel very good about myself.	0
More troubling for Mr. Dinkins is his record in personal accounting.	It began in 1973, when he was being considered for deputy mayor, and a routine check unearthed the extraordinary fact that he hadn't paid his income tax for the previous four years.	0
that continued through last year.	Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide, but even the 25% market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade.	1
Faced with the virtually impossible task of supervising the execution of each trade, many commodity brokerage firms are likely to stop doing business with independents and instead hire their own salaried floor brokers.	This would force out of business many of the individuals and small firms that function as floor brokers.	1
The move also reflects Coke's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft-drink markets in Pacific Basin countries.	Aside from Europe, the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come.	0
Prof Arbel urges investors to discard stocks in small companies.	Small-company shares typically fall more than big-company stocks in a recession.	1
Their opinion is devoid of the wisdom of the forefathers' teaching regarding impeachment.	For the future he would run for governor of Florida.	0
DIASONICS INC., South San Francisco, maker of magnetic resonance imaging equipment, annual sales of $281 million, Amex, had minor damage, mostly in a stockroom.	The company plans to be fully operational today.	1
separating herself from a Commonwealth document reasserting the political value of imposing sanctions against South Africa.	While supporting the Commonwealth "in utterly condemning apartheid," her statement urged it to "encourage change" rather than inflict further punishment on the country's black population.	0
retailers nixed a promotion for pins with animal motifs.	Her idea: bring in live zoo animals.	0
Mr. Azoff and Warner came to an agreement yesterday to form a 50-50 joint-venture company funded by Warner and run by Mr. Azoff.	Among other things Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label.	0
People are basically peddling a lot of fear," says Arthur Hauptman, a consultant to the American Council on Education in Washington.	He takes issue with projections that don't factor in students' own contribution.	1
the agency is investigating whether Lincoln made illegal political contributions.	Mr. Keating arranged nearly $1 million in donations to Sen. Cranston and his various political causes, and hundreds of thousands more to other lawmakers.	1
Mr. Engelken was overwhelmed by the whole thing.	It was worth it, just for the look on Albert's face.	0
and Whittle continues to negotiate with 919 districts.	About 10% of the school districts approached have rejected the network.	0
So far as we can see, there is no disagreement among Mr. Baker, Mr. Quayle, the Mr. Gates we've read, or for that matter President Bush.	They all understand point one: Nothing the U.S. can do will make much difference in whether Mr. Gorbachev succeeds with perestroika.	0
his magazines will offer what many women's magazines don't.	We write straight for women on their level.	0
and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset-backed market.	The entry fee is affordable.	1
Educators added that Next needs to soon offer a color version of its computer.	Every major maker offers computers with color displays.	1
They were a sleeper.	Everybody was out buying Monets.	1
The embargo lasted only six months, but the price hikes became a fact of life.	What the Arabs started, inflation finished.	1
Conservatives have an important decision to make this fall.	At the recent meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund, the Bush administration announced its intention to decide by yearend the size of the next increase in the IMF's capital base.	1
Suppliers were also hurt by the stronger U.S. dollar, which makes sales abroad more difficult.	In some cases, competition has squeezed margins.	0
A total of 672 transactions were announced during the latest quarter, up 13% from the year-earlier period's 597.	Transactions in which prices were disclosed totaled $71.9 billion, up 36% from $52.9 billion a year earlier.	0
TV executives are considering the use of 900 numbers for "talk shows, game shows, news and opinion surveys.	Experts are predicting a big influx of new shows in 1990, when a service called "automatic number information" will become widely available.	0
When he initially refused they stabbed him in the back.	they wanted to show me how serious they were.	1
and called the front desk for help.	I said, `Somebody come get me.	0
However, in response to the British Air decision, United's pilot union vowed to continue efforts to revive the buy-out.	advisers to UAL management and the union will begin meeting in New York today and will work through the weekend to devise a new proposal to present to UAL's board "at the earliest time possible.	1
A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because, under the proposed guidelines, its $380 million of preferred stock doesn't meet the "core capital" criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989.	He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance.	0
Parental involvement" is a bad idea.	Parents are too likely to blame schools for the educational limitations of their children.	1
The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $200 billion junk market.	If the heavy outflows continue, fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead.	1
I'm too old to waste a weekend, but that's what I did.	These days, anything can happen.	1
When Mr. Gandhi came to power, he ushered in new rules for business.	He said industry should build plants on the same scale as those outside India and benefit from economies of scale..If the output was too great for the domestic market, he said, companies should export.	0
Mr. Shilling, who was Merrill Lynch's chief economist from 1967 to 1971, has heralded a recession for months.	My own personal opinion is that Don threw in the towel just about the time he should have doubled his bet.	1
That would leave Mrs. Thatcher little room for maneuver.	For the Tories to win the next election, voters will need to sense economic improvement for about a year beforehand.	1
yesterday's price action reflected weakness in the stock market and the dollar.	Gold still acts as a haven when uncertainty prevails in the financial markets as it did" yesterday.	1
It's an extremely complex market, and you have to be prepared to make a big commitment.	We are not trying to encourage everyone.	1
At 11.1% of gross national product, U.S. health costs already are the highest in the world..By contrast, Japan's equal 6.7% of GNP, a nation's total output of goods and services.	Management and labor worry that the gap makes U.S. companies less competitive.	1
it found no indications of illegal discrimination in 3,437 examinations of banks since April 1987.	that of 37,000 complaints it received since January 1987, only 16 alleged racial discrimination in real estate lending.	0
We're committed to deliver the customer's package by a stated time, usually 10:30.	The sooner our vans hit the road each morning, the easier it is for us to fulfill that obligation.	1
Analysts agreed.	It's a further step to better returns in the hemorrhaging defense business," said Steven Binder, an analyst with Bear, Stearns & Co. in New York.	0
Although, like all scientific theories, it had its initial opponents, few experts question the connection now.	The discovery of the ozone "hole" over Antarctica and the results of ground-based and high-altitude aircraft experiments conducted over the past several years serve as evidence that ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations.	1
None of the problems is necessarily fatal, and they aren't all necessarily even related.	There are also other factors at work that are outside IBM's control, such as currency exchange rates.	0
Last season, we did a story that involved spending $700,000 in converting a two-family house into a bed and breakfast.	In the new show we're going to spend $60,000 building a start-up house" for a young couple.	0
The machinists are reviewing proposals they made in the past for recapitalizations that would pay a special shareholder dividend and give employees a minority stake.	The company rejected those past proposals.	0
when the U.S. government will auction more than $30 billion of new securities.	Today, the Treasury Department will sell $15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills at the regular weekly auction.	0
In the event that the buy-out group stalls in reviving its bid, the UAL board could remain under some pressure to seek another transaction, even without any legal obligation to do so.	Roughly one-third of its stock is believed held by takeover stock traders, who could vote to oust the board if they become impatient.	1
But inside the white walls of the Orange Workers' office South Africa's neat racial order is awry.	A dozen white office workers fold newsletters and stuff them into envelopes.	0
that Kodak's move is "a sound marketing decision.	They can't afford to stay out of HDTV.	1
for the firm, the liquidation was sentence first, verdict later.	Prosecutors wanted $23.8 million in forfeiture for alleged tax fraud of some $400,000.	1
There are very few companies that can boast of such a close-knit group.	We are a vanishing breed.	0
The oil company claims its yeast system also is better than bacteria at high-volume production of genetically engineered drugs.	Chiron Corp., an Emeryville, Calif., biotechnology firm, is seeing if the Phillips yeast can be used to make its genetically engineered human proteins.	1
Workers could dial out, but they couldn't receive telephone calls.	It's a very uncertain situation right now.	1
that the veto would have what Mr. Glazier calls an important "chilling effect" on all manner of appropriations bills.	Lawmakers would avoid putting many spending projects into legislation in the first place for fear of the embarrassment of having them singled out for a line-item veto later.	1
This is the heyday of debt.	Before the sun sets on the '80s, it seems nothing will be left unhocked.	1
total U.S. tire unit sales were off about 2%.	Total tire segment sales were up only about 1% to $2.2 billion.	0
And instead of buying the UAL stake, the U.K. carrier will be able to reduce its high debt level and build an acquisition war chest.	From a cash flow point of view, British Airways is better off not being in United Airlines in the short term.	1
The Bartlesville, Okla., oil company late yesterday still hadn't said officially what caused the explosions and fires, which sent columns of heavy black smoke billowing high into the air.	One local Phillips manager said a seal blew in one of the plant's reactors.	0
Why had Mr. Korotich been called.	that he was taking my butt to the Central Committee so they can . . ." whack, whack, whack his hand made vigorous spanking gestures on his left palm.	1
Student loan defaults remain high at about 12%, and the program has been rocked by allegations of fraud and mismanagement.	Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) loans have turned into de facto giveaway programs.	0
Iverson's earnings plunged 70% to $1.2 million.	The troubles continued in this year's first half, when profit plunged 81% to $302,000.	0
For example, your pickers' recommendations for the coming month are, on average, 22.5% riskier than holding the market portfolio according to Value Line's Beta estimates.	James Morgan's pick for October -- Dynascan -- is a substantial 35% riskier than the market portfolio.	0
just one for the plastic type.	Automated machines coextrude long plastic sheaths with graphite-plastic cores that are printed, cut, painted and eraser-fitted.	0
It was a heady experience for the pockmarked and slightly built Mr. Noriega, who was known to his friends as Cara la Pina -- pineapple face.	Born the illegitimate son of his father's maid, he was raised on the mean streets of the central market district of Panama City.	1
And he is collecting the names of those who telephoned the coup-makers to congratulate them during their brief time in control of his headquarters.	More enemies to be dealt with.	0
And the controversy has led to uncertainty about the outcome of the election.	Until last week, Mr. Dinkins was considered a shoo-in.	0
its military business is feeling the effects of a declining defense budget after a strong buildup during the Reagan presidency.	In May, the company consolidated its Aerospace and Electronics groups; the new Defense and Space Group will contain the Aerospace and Electronics division and Advanced Systems, both based in the Seattle area; Boeing Helicopters in Philadelphia; Boeing Military Airplanes in Wichita, Kan., and ArgoSystems in Sunnyvale, Calif.	1
The first time he was shot in the hand as he chased the robbers outside.	The second time he identified two robbers, who were arrested and charged.	0
We like to make our own judgments" about Mr. Morishita.	People have a different reputation country by country.	0
Massage also has an image problem to contend with.	Some masseurs have tried to get around this by calling themselves "bodyworkers" and describing their office visits as "reinvigoration breaks.	1
Market conditions point to even lower prices next year.	The 27-year-old coffee cartel had to be formally dissolved this summer.	1
More than 20 new managing directors and senior vice presidents have been hired since January.	The firm's brokerage force has been trimmed and its mergers-and-acquisitions staff increased to a record 55 people.	0
The company expects a need for 140,000 megawatts of new generation in the U.S. over the next decade.	Already this year, it has received orders for four 150-megawatt advanced combustion turbines from Florida Power & Light Co. and for two 300-megawatt plants from Intercontinental Energy Corp., among others.	0
they were told that equipment orders would be delayed.	Fluor Daniel already has reassigned most of its work crew.	0
Quarterly revenue rose 4.5%, to $2.3 billion from $2.2 billion.	For the year, net income tumbled 61% to $86 million, or $1.55 a share.	0
And regional offices were "egregiously overstaffed.	One office had 19 people doing the work of three.	0
GM's interest in Jaguar reflects a desire to help diversify the U.S. company's products in the growing luxury-car segment of the market.	Its Opel line has a solid image and a recent string of highly successful new models, but it lacks Jaguar's cachet.	1
Instead, Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses, such as the record club of Sony's CBS Records unit.	Warner has surpassed Sony as the largest record company, but it doesn't have a powerful world-wide record club like CBS.	1
In other European markets, shares closed sharply higher in Stockholm, Frankfurt, Zurich and Paris and higher in Milan, Amsterdam and Brussels.	South African gold stocks closed firmer.	0
the pilots were extremely pleased.	This is a blow not only to Eastern but to the creditors committee.	1
Machinists already have rejected a package that would provide a 10% pay raise plus bonuses over the three-year life of the contract.	Boeing has said repeatedly it won't expand its offer.	0
The Chinese leader expressed some regret for what had happened in Beijing and conceded that China's officials bore some responsibility.	Mr. Deng told him: "We should not mind those who participated in demonstrations, signed anti-government materials and went on hunger strikes.	0
the flaws don't affect them.	Bugs like this are just a normal part of product development.	1
Seats currently are quoted at $400,000 bid, $425,000 asked.	The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $550,000, set March 9.	0
Vice President Quayle and Budget Director Darman said recently they've joined the search.	On Tuesday, the subject came up again when Marlin Fitzwater explained the constitutional argument based on the provisions above to the White House press corps.	0
The gain reflects fresh economic evidence that inflation is moderating while the economy slows.	That raised hopes that interest rates will continue to move lower.	1
Continued investment in my 1984 subcompact has been part of my strategy (Figure 5), with present annual contributions now equaling more than 60% of the car's original value.	According to my calculations, these outlays should have brought the value of my sedan to more than $22,000 on the open market.	0
But several other types of funds shielded investors from the worst of the market's slide.	Funds that invest internationally were the top-performing stock and fixed-income funds.	0
Pressed on the matter, he is more specific.	There will be big Japanese investments probably five to 10 years from now.	0
the Clean Water Act is written upon the presumption -- the pretense, rather -- that nothing but zero risk will do.	it establishes a legal standard of zero discharge.	1
After the payment, Healthcare still will be $6.5 million in arrears on rent and mortgage payments to HealthVest, a real estate investment trust whose portfolio consists largely of properties operated by Healthcare.	Healthcare has given HealthVest a 12% note for that overdue amount, to be repaid over three years.	1
that many small investors in Belgium store securities privately, in some cases to avoid paying high inheritance taxes.	The law could redound to the advantage of brokers and banks, who incur high administrative costs to deliver securities to investors.	1
More than ever, his pro-consumer and pro-environment record is in sync with the state.	Auto insurance rates are soaring.	1
Sweating under the glare of newly installed television lights, British members of Parliament demanded a halt to the experimental televising of debates.	A group of senior Conservative legislators, complaining the House of Commons was like a sauna, demanded that the experiment be stopped unless the intensity of the lights is reduced.	0
I'm glad to be out.	The percentage of your day spent twiddling your thumbs got greater, and the work day kept getting longer.	1
Despite the criticism, Philip Morris's corporate campaign runs little risk of getting yanked off the tube.	They aren't showing James Madison taking a puff or lighting up.	1
But if he's sharp and quick, he has a chance.	that Mr. Krenz has several things going for him.	0
a possible challenge to a court order allowing former National Security Adviser Poindexter to subpoena ex-President Reagan's personal papers for use in the defense case against Iran-Contra charges.	the ruling "raised a serious question" about the office of the president.	1
The highway system is screwed up" by the earthquake.	The transit system is how people are going to be getting around.	1
I love this business.	Most of the LBO guys don't know how to run a business anyway.	0
Good luck.	Common sense suggests that people who play for a company that charges about half what those houses do for a ticket are not in the same market.	1
Gold stocks aren't cheap on this basis, either, with many selling for 20 times earnings or more.	Even utility stocks aren't all that inexpensive, at an average of 14 times earnings.	0
Property reinsurance rates are likely to climb first.	The reinsurance market has been bloodied by disasters" in the U.S. as well as in Great Britain and Europe.	1
In particular, beta doesn't measure the company- and industry-specific risk associated with an individual stock.	That "business" risk is very significant for an investor with only a few stocks.	0
Net for the New Brunswick, N.J., maker of health-care products climbed to $265 million, or 80 cents a share, from $240 million, or 71 cents a share, in the year-earlier period.	Sales rose to $2.45 billion from $2.2 billion.	0
A second problem is the persistent frustration of false alarms.	Only half the New York small businesses surveyed, for their part, are satisfied with the police response they receive.	0
The senators responded in kind.	Sen. Boren happily told reporters that there had been "a meeting of the minds" with the White House, and that the committee had given Mr. Bush "a clean slate," free of the impediments imposed during the Reagan years.	0
Nearly 36% ranked housing problems as their most serious unmet legal need.	Other areas targeted by the survey's respondents included difficulty obtaining or maintaining public benefits (22%), consumer fraud (15.4%), and health-care issues (15%.	0
Mexico is sending a number of missions to Japan looking for a major breakthrough investment in telecommunications, petrochemicals or tourism.	It is hoped that other Japanese would then follow the leader.	1
The estimates of real gross national product prepared by the Bureau of Economic Analysis in the Department of Commerce significantly understate the rate of economic growth.	Since the bureau's estimates for the business sector provide the numerator for the productivity ratios calculated by the Department of Labor, underestimated growth rates artificially depress official productivity statistics.	1
its directors have approved what is, in effect, a draft of a solvency opinion on the acquisition.	A final opinion must be approved prior to the acceptance of tendered shares for payment under the offer.	0
reminiscent of "Crime and Punishment.	Its antihero, Said Mahran, is an Egyptian Raskolnikov who seeks nobility in robbing and killing.	1
But while September exports rose to #8.43 billion, imports shot up to #10.37 billion.	The resulting #1.9 billion merchandise trade deficit was partly offset by an assumed surplus of #300 million in so-called invisible items.	0
The script was unreadable.	We reinvented it.	1
We are willing to share the political burden of being host to America, an imperial power.	We think it isn't such a great burden, that it carries no stigma, and we are prepared to do it.	1
With prices already headed lower, news of a series of explosions at a major Phillips Petroleum Co. chemical facility on the Houston Ship Channel also was bearish for prices.	Even though such facilities use a relatively small amount of crude now the facility won't need any, at a time of already high availability.	1
And with the recent acquisition of 30% of Winterthur-based machinery manufacturer Gebrueder Sulzer AG, Mr. Rey has enjoyed the status of white knight.	Sulzer preferred him to financier Tito Tettamanti, whose secretive raid on the company's stock had led to a bitter battle.	1
When Boyer met Robert Swanson, an M.I.T.-trained chemist-turned-entrepreneur in 1976, they saw dollar signs.	With $500 apiece and an injection of outside capital, they formed Genentech Inc.	1
Mr. Kochan also likes long-term, investment-grade corporate bonds and long-term Treasurys.	these bonds should appreciate in value as some investors seek safer securities.	1
Tandy Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire two units of Datatronic AB of Stockholm for cash.	The amount wasn't disclosed.	0
The outcome of our leveraged buyout is looking very positive.	Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story, Jos..A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems.	1
The results made net income for the year ended Aug. 31 C$2.7 million, or 20 Canadian cents a share, down from C$9.7 million, or 70 Canadian cents a share last year.	Revenue was C$291.6 million, up from C$252 million in 1988.	0
Filtered news is what people want.	Most people read 10 times more than necessary in order to find out what they really need.	1
that they involve unusually meticulous measurements.	Typically, the input energy ranges from a third of a watt to one watt and the excess energy is measured in tenths of a watt.	0
AMR, the parent of American Airlines, fell 1 3/4 to 68 7/8 on 2.3 million shares; Delta Air Lines lost 1 1/2 to 66, Southwest Airlines slid 3/4 to 24 1/4 and Midway Airlines dropped 1/4 to 14 7/8.	Texas Air, which owns Continental and Eastern airlines, lost 3/8 to 13 1/8 on the American Stock Exchange.	0
Another measure makes commodity brokerage firms liable for violations committed by independent floor brokers who execute trades for them.	This untried concept would expose these firms to potentially astronomical punitive damages.	0
Firm will not, however, resume 24-hour service until power in city is restored.	Office closed yesterday at 4:30 p.m. EDT.	0
Overall they increased 2.8% to 12.1 million.	Business lines increased 3.7% to 3.3 million.	0
the exchange is updating some procedures to make speedier payments on claims.	By next year, all underwriters will be linked to a communications network that could reduce paper work on claims.	1
that the tax cut would be enacted this year.	a clear majority of senators back the tax reduction.	1
Mostly because of the sell-off in technology stocks, the Nasdaq 100 Index of the OTC's largest non-financial issues dropped 4.58 to 457.52.	The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 2.38 to 458.32.	0
Conner dominates the market for hard-disk drives used to store data in laptop computers.	that net income for its third quarter soared 72% to $11.8 million, or 28 cents a share, from $6.8 million, or 19 cents a share, in the year-ago period.	1
They need only position themselves near a company's satellite dish and wait.	You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time.	1
The prognosis is only fair.	Next year is an election year and the legislators just don't want to do anything about this now.	1
And expect slower fastballs.	I'm not so young anymore," concedes the cigar-chomping, 48-year-old Mr. Tiant.	1
Among the major banks surveyed by Banxquote in six regions of the country, 8.33% is the highest yield available.	It is offered by the flagship banks of New York's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one-year maturity only.	0
Some of the more cautious CD holders might like "pre-refunded" municipals.	These securities get top credit ratings.	1
However risky the business, it's brisk these days.	Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator.	1
If the market surges, holders can make that much more profit.	the leverage effectively acts as an interest-free margin account for investors.	1
Mr. Dozen knows these problems firsthand.	When he arrived in the U.S. in 1969 he tried selling Japanese yen-denominated bonds to U.S. investors.	1
Orders from Campeau retailers used to be cause for celebration.	This is no longer true because of Campeau's massive debt load.	0
We have not made that decision" to seek a Jaguar special shareholders' meeting.	that the car maker only would bid for all of Jaguar under the right circumstances.	0
of the opportunity to "rebuild a franchise" at Kidder.	The Kidder name is one of only six or seven that every CEO recognizes as a viable alternative" when considering a merger deal.	1
They all attended a meeting in April 1987 questioning why a federal audit of Lincoln S&L had dragged on for two years.	I'm certain that in the course of the hearings the names {of the senators} will be brought out.	1
because many traders have already been badly burnt by such stories.	the traders are demanding a higher level of proof before they will buy palladium again.	1
From the perspective of East Germany's old guard, reforms that smack of capitalism and Western-style democracy could eliminate their country's reason for being.	East Germany is a creature of the Cold War.	1
that he spotted bargains in old masters just before they took an upward turn.	They went up 51% last year, and they'll do it again this year.	1
Nicholas Brady, the incumbent treasury secretary, is of course aware of the proposal, and he doesn't like it much.	Mr. Dorgen has changed tactics, dropping the seat-for-the-secretary idea.	1
The idea for Movieline actually was dreamed up by an old friend of the Volokhs, Boris Krutchensky and Laurie Halpern Smith, now the magazine's co-editor.	Mr. Krutchensky approached Ms. Volokh five years ago about backing the publication, which started out as a listing guide.	0
For Mr. Jones, losing his quarterback temporarily was just the latest in a string of setbacks that has beset the Dallas Cowboys.	Once fat and happy, the Cowboys now are losing games, fans and money.	0
The decision by Merrill, the nation's largest securities firm, represents the biggest retreat yet from program trading.	Merrill has been the fourth-biggest stock-index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year, executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades, or about one million shares a day.	1
Prescription-drug world-wide sales rose 9% in the quarter to $340 million.	U.S. sales rose 15%.	0
If the Paribas bid succeeds, it will be the second time in two months a big French investment banking group has snapped up an insurance group.	Last month, Paribas's archrival, Cie..Financiere de Suez, won a battle for Groupe Victoire, France's second-largest private-sector insurer.	0
Before adjustment for inflation orders were up a nominal 5%.	While domestic orders climbed an adjusted 8% and a nominal 11% in September, foreign orders declined 4% after inflation and 1% on a nominal basis.	0
Spokespersons for both the trust and the company refused to comment on whether any talks with a possible acquirer of Manville had actually taken place.	The trust is considering a sale of its Manville holdings, but Manville has the right of first refusal on any sales of its stock held by the trust.	0
But we're still at the beginning stages of some of these changes.	the fourth quarter will be "challenging.	0
which had recommended the stock as a good buy.	Salomon Brothers confirmed that it has had a buy recommendation on the stock for about two years.	0
They've now adapted the yeast to making genetically engineered drugs.	Like the bacteria used by genetic engineers, the yeast can take in human genes and churn out human proteins for medical use.	1
But I'm going to lose $50,000 to $60,000 on it.	I'm going to have to get another job this year just to eat.	1
Pacific Telesis Group lost 62.5 cents to $44.625.	A computer failure delayed its earnings announcement, and some investors think it might have extra costs to repair damaged telephone lines.	1
and he can even tell you how to encourage the spirits.	All you have to do is eat a big pizza, and then go to bed.	0
They have the most sophisticated computers in the world.	They ought to be able to do this.	1
Warner-Lambert, Morris Plains, N.J., reported sales that were a record for any quarter and the eighth quarter in a row of 20% or more per-share earnings growth.	1989 will be the best year in its history.	1
Well, "Days of Rage" airing with before-and-after packaging, and after repeated delays, was a beginning.	Every issue is multisided.	1
We were unprepared for the deterioration in net exports.	it will continue.	0
Stockholders who exercise all their rights may buy additional shares.	it has an option to increase the offering by up to 350,000 shares.	0
Boston's Advent International raises $230 million from U.S. pension funds and other institutions to invest in Europe.	Other venture capitalists are already there: MMG Patricof Group and its Alan Patricof Associates, New York; Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co., Boston; and San Francisco's Hambrecht & Quist have about $800 million to invest in European companies.	0
The decision is a setback for President Bush.	Having a proposal sponsored by Democrats would have given the president an advantage.	1
Edward M. Esber, chairman, president and chief executive officer, attributed the decline to reduced domestic revenue because of $4.9 million spent to upgrade existing software inventories to the new database IV Version 1.1, and $1.8 million spent on the recent reduction in work force.	He said the company was "encouraged by feedback" it received from selected customers now testing Version 1.1.	0
Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from South Korea and Japan, minimum cash downpayments and sizable mortgages.	Those teams of young fund-raisers selling flowers, peanuts or begging outright at traffic intersections brought in somewhere near $20 million a year during the mid-to-late 1970s, but those revenues were a pittance compared to the costs of Mr. Moon's lavish international conferences, speaking tours, and assorted land buys.	1
The stakes in the controversy are large.	Last year, venture capitalists spent an estimated $600 million to finance start-up companies in medical and biotechnology businesses, according to the National Venture Capital Association, a trade group.	1
Few people are aware that the federal government lends almost as much money as it borrows.	From 1980 to 1988, while federal budget deficits totaled $1.41 trillion, the government issued $394 billion of new direct loans and an additional $756 billion of new primary loan guarantees.	0
All of a sudden, prices were no longer in denominations of 100 or 200.	They were 103 or 206.	0
particularly if Saab is a reasonably attractive proposition.	He thinks Saab-Scania AB on Friday will announce the sale of 50% of its car division to Ford.	0
Emergency measures would be introduced to ease the country's financial crisis, notably its $200 billion budget deficit..By the end of next year, all loss-making state enterprises would be put out of business or handed over to workers who would buy or lease them or turn them into cooperatives..Similar steps would be taken to liquidate unprofitable state and collective farms by the end of 1991.	A unified system of taxation should be introduced rapidly.	0
Westinghouse also expects its international sales to soon grow to 25% of total corporate sales from 20% last year.	The company is negotiating with the Soviets to build a Thermo King truck-refrigeration plant that would produce about 10,000 units annually.	0
Fox wasn't pleased by the possible Paramount-MCA venture into prime-time programming.	To make the venture work, they would need Fox affiliates.	1
but is still seeking regulatory approvals to enter that market in the U.S. and Japan.	Akzo hopes to have approval to sell its Marvelon pill in the U.S. in 1992.	0
our contract with our pilots says that we will manage our fleet operations with their advice.	It doesn't give any particular group the ability to veto change.	0
Home is an estate with green meadows opening onto Lake Geneva and a low-slung house whose rooms overlook the water and offer a view of the French Alps.	In the corner of his reception room is a delicate antique desk piled high with dossiers.	0
Take Cleveland.	It has gotten a bad rep because its once heavily polluted Cuyahoga River caught fire, because former Mayor Ralph Perk set his hair on fire with an acetylene torch and because its proposed Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame was recently refused an urban-development grant.	0
SUSPECT "SALES" ads are challenged by the Better Business Bureau of Metropolitan New York.	The bureau found that only two of six New York furniture stores could prove their presale prices were higher.	1
Mr. Ritterman said that in the next six months he will take $50 million from the Soap Opera Digest sale to acquire new magazines.	He would not reveal which magazines he is considering.	0
New York State Comptroller Edward Regan predicts a $1.3 billion budget gap for the city's next fiscal year, a gap that could grow if there is a recession.	If elected, Mr. Dinkins will probably have no choice but to raise taxes on overburdened businesses or cut spending in already under-serviced neighborhoods.	1
I don't think it will lead to any chaos in the secondary market only a sagging tendency.	The "markets are headed for growth unheard of and unseen before.	0
He said Rorer opted to sell Asilone and Thrombinar to raise revenue that would "kick start" its increased marketing efforts behind Maalox.	We had underfunded Maalox for a year.	1
The trail of revenue is increasingly going away from pure advertising, and going towards other services.	Instead of being just an ad agency We have redefined our mission here.	1
The catastrophe losses sustained by insurers this year will probably be the worst on an inflation-adjusted basis since 1906.	that the 1906 San Francisco destruction, on an inflation-adjusted basis, included insured losses of $5.8 billion.	0
Gerry Ritterman, president of New York-based Network Publishing Corp., earlier this year sold his Soap Opera Digest magazine to Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.	that in the next six months he will take $50 million from the Soap Opera Digest sale to acquire new magazines.	0
that "on an intraday basis, it has major effects.	We've talked to proponents of index arbitrage and told them to cool it because they're ruining the market.	1
The White House already is talking of Mr. Bush visiting the California earthquake site this weekend.	He visited the Hugo devastation but not until after local leaders urged him to do so.	0
One reason futures are said to add volatility is that people can speculate in futures with little money down.	Margin requirements for speculators on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange are currently about 7%.	0
We hear it has low priority on the House side.	If the law isn't changed we are left staring at rules that are almost impossible to implement, because there are so many complex depreciation calculations to do.	0
But when foreign traders tried to do business, they discovered that the eagerness of Chinese trade officials was just a smokescreen.	The suspension of foreign loans has weakened the buying power of China's national trading companies, which are among the country's biggest importers.	1
featuring a rectangular platform of white-washed boards that extends into the audience.	When the action requires, a prison cell, consisting of an enlarged wire cage, rolls forward on iron wheels on the platform.	0
But some militant SCI TV junk-holders say that's not enough.	They contend that SCI TV's equity now is worthless.	1
In August, Omni unexpectedly bought Inspectorate's 80% stake in Harpener AG of West Germany, a land-rich company.	it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection and temporary help.	1
And especially in cars.	Americans now can choose among 572 different models of cars, vans and trucks, up from just 408 when the decade began, according to Automotive News, a trade publication.	0
if we had been allowed to go ahead then we wouldn't have the problems we have now.	If he had been found guilty, we could have stopped him.	1
What is of much more importance to the Colombian economy than the supposed benefits of laundered drug money is higher prices for Colombia's legitimate products.	The price of coffee has gone down almost 45% since the beginning of the year, to the lowest level (after inflation) since the Great Depression.	0
Consumers have been accustomed to buying soft-drinks at discounted prices for several years.	it had to boost spending for trade and dealer incentives to try to keep volumes from slipping.	1
Both Shearson's Mr. Will and Stephen Reitman, European auto analyst at the London brokerage firm UBS-Phillips & Drew, recently switched their Jaguar recommendations to hold from buy.	Sit tight" through the coming volatility.	0
In 1984, the Costa Rican government requested help to establish a radio station in the northern part of the country, flooded by airwaves of Sandinista propaganda.	Recovering radiophonic sovereignty was the purpose of Radio Costa Rica, funded by the U.S. and affiliated with the Voice of America (VOA.	0
Also unlike Mr. Ruder, Mr. Breeden appears to be in a position to get somewhere with his agenda.	As a former White House aide who worked closely with Congress, he is savvy in the ways of Washington.	1
It has to be engineered over and over again, month after month.	that the task facing Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan is so difficult that it resembles "juggling a double-bladed ax and a buzz saw.	0
But the apple industry is ripe for change.	Red Delicious has been overplanted, and its prices have dropped below the cost of production.	1
but also symbols through which the state of a society can be construed.	The rubble after the Armenian earthquake a year ago disclosed, quite literally, a city whose larger structures had been built with sand.	0
Irish and Soviet people are similar.	They look the same.	0
that the bike's popularity may be a combination of technology and nostalgia.	The mountain bike feels as comfortable as the `paperboy' bike you had as a kid, but it can do so much more.	1
Earlier last week, Valley National Corp., the state's largest locally owned banking company, reported a $72.2 million loss and suspended its dividend..Pinnacle West Capital Corp., which has been wrangling with regulators for months over what to do about Pinnacle's moribund Merabank thrift unit, suspended its dividend and reported a 91% plunge in third-quarter net income..Security Pacific Corp. said third-quarter credit losses surged a third to $109 million, mainly because of sour Arizona real-estate loans.	New York-based Chase Manhattan Corp. took an $85 million Arizona-related charge.	0
But interest instead decreased.	The third game, last Friday night, drew a disappointing 17.5 rating.	0
But since Time's merger with Warner Communications Inc., relations between the two have become strained.	Each company worries that the other is becoming too powerful and too vertically integrated.	1
Elsewhere in the chemicals sector, Dow Chemical fell 1 1/4 to 97 1/2, Monsanto lost 1 7/8 to 118, B.F. Goodrich slipped 2 1/4 to 44 3/4 and Olin slid 1 to 57 3/4.	Other stocks hurt by earnings-related selling included Tandy, which dropped 1 3/8 to 44, and Eaton, which retreated 2 1/2 to 57 1/2.	0
The problem is so vast that we need to try innovative solutions -- in small-scale experiments.	Here are some ideas.	1
Where truly representative governments are safeguarded by constitutional protections of human rights and an independent judiciary to construe those rights, there is no excuse for breaking the law because some individual or group disagrees with it.	There may be a few cases where the law breaking is well pinpointed and so completely non-invasive of the rights of others that it is difficult to criticize it.	0
Florida and Wyoming have backed up their guarantees with the full faith and credit of the state governments, meaning that taxpayers will pick up any slack.	Not so Michigan.	0
This test was the first to predict reliably whether an individual could expect to develop cancer.	Equally important, the initial discovery of the gene that controls retinal cell growth, made by a Boston doctor named Thaddeus Dryja, has opened a field of cancer study, which in recent months has exploded.	0
AT&T managers who have at least five years of service will have five years added to their age and length of service for pension purposes.	Managers who retire Dec. 30 will have an additional 15% added to their monthly pension for as long as five years or age 65, whichever comes earlier.	0
An ancient red-figured Greek kylix, or drinking cup, was recovered backstage at Sotheby's this spring and has been returned to the Manhattan couple who lost it in a burglary three years ago.	Robert Guy, an associate curator at the Princeton Art Museum, was previewing a June antiquities sale at the auction house when he recognized the kylix, which he, as a specialist in Attic pottery and a careful reader of the Stolen Art Alert in "IFAR Reports," knew was stolen..The timing of his visit was fortuitous; the man who had brought it in for an estimate had returned to collect it and was waiting in the hall..To confirm Mr. Guy's identification, Sotheby's and IFAR exchanged photos by fax, and the waiting man, apparently innocent of knowledge that the kylix was stolen, agreed to release it..The cup had been insured, and in short order it was given over to a Chubb & Son representative..The original owners happily repaid the claim and took their kylix home.	0
This became apparent as game one, a Sicilian Defense by Mr. Kasparov, proceeded.	No human can examine millions of moves, but Mr. Kasparov, using his ineffably powerful brain, consistently found very good ones.	1
Nobody proved that more masterfully than Mr. Coelho, the former Democratic majority whip.	he resigned almost immediately after media reports questioned the propriety of a 1986 junk-bond investment, before any official investigations took hold.	0
They could be old or new, but they are magazines whose editorial quality needs to be improved.	They will be the next hot magazines.	0
Successful American business owners do the same thing.	Unfortunately, they are in the minority.	0
The Nissan logo flashed on the screen for a moment, and then came a taped plea for donations from former President Reagan -- followed by the silent print telling viewers where to call.	Within two hours, viewers pledged over $400,000, according to a Red Cross executive.	1
Institut Merieux's bid for Toronto-based Connaught has run into problems with the Canadian government.	Merieux officials are expected to meet with federal officials in Ottawa today to discuss the decision.	1
Merchant banker Morgan Grenfell climbed 14 to 406 on renewed takeover speculation.	S.G. Warburg, also mentioned in the rumor mill, jumped 14 at to 414.	0
But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust's flagship businesses.	the competition "broadens the base of opportunity for us.	1
At a nationally televised legislative session in Budapest, the Parliament overwhelmingly approved changes formally ending one-party domination in the country, regulating free elections by next summer and establishing the office of state president to replace a 21-member council.	The country was renamed the Republic of Hungary.	0
Conservatives, embarrassed by Republican influence-peddling scandals at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, have used the issue in an effort to shift blame onto a Democratic-controlled Congress.	HUD Secretary Jack Kemp backed an unsuccessful effort to strike such language last week.	1
and she was adamant about his attending.	I threw such a fit.	1
So it wasn't surprising that Mr. Jones returned to his Arkansas roots when he went looking for a replacement for Mr. Landry.	He tapped Jimmy Johnson, a teammate on the 1964 University of Arkansas squad and the head coach at the University of Miami.	0
but they've come a long way.	They were on the road to recovery in terms of customer attitudes until this bad quarter happened.	0
But today, the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever.	One large competitor after another is leaping into the booming market Specialized helped create, turning out mountain bikes with such well-known names as Schwinn, Peugeot, Raleigh and Nishiki.	1
Bond investors were hoping that stock prices would continue to fall.	When stocks stabilized, that was a disappointment.	1
I have a different perspective.	Mine comes from seeing thriving communities devastated -- but only temporarily.	0
But racial gerrymandering is not the best way to accomplish that essential goal.	It is a quick fix for a complex problem.	1
The market's tone improved after Monday's pricing of $813 million New York City general obligation bonds.	The issue's smooth absorption eased fears that supply would overwhelm demand in coming sessions.	1
Meanwhile, PaineWebber remains among the leaders in efforts to simply persuade investors to keep giving Wall Street their money.	It's more of an important issue to keep control of those assets, rather than push the investor to move into (specific) products such as equities.	1
Emergency crews searched through the charred rubble of a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena, Texas, where a series of explosions Monday killed at least two people and injured 124.	22 workers were missing and presumed dead.	0
Mr. Krenz almost certainly will be a younger version of Erich Honecker, his rigid predecessor as dictator.	Mr. Krenz has followed much the same career path as Mr. Honecker.	1
Maggie Thatcher must be doing something right.	her political enemies are screaming louder than ever.	1
It certainly wasn't intended to be a demotion.	Pete and Jeff and Joe Jr. have taken over the reins and are doing most of the work.	1
that print their weekly market commentaries on Fridays for dissemination the following week.	Shearson, a 62%-owned unit of American Express Co., didn't have enough time to update its market commentary.	1
In the film classic "Twelve Angry Men," the crucible of deliberations unmasks each juror's bias and purges it from playing a role in the verdict.	After hours of conflict and debate, that jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity.	1
Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari would like to change that.	The young president so admires Japanese discipline that he sends his children to a Japanese school in Mexico City.	0
I don't doubt it for a moment.	It does not matter if one is defeated, provided the work that gets the award has unmistakable qualities.	0
Mr. Gonzalez is also a stickler for ethical standards who refuses to accept honorariums and who believes in conducting official business in the open.	Early in his political career, as a city councilman in San Antonio, he walked out of a meeting when political supporters asked that the police chief be replaced, denouncing the closed-door affair publicly as a "bat-roost meeting.	0
We'll be able to better compete with large foreign banks.	It makes sense from a strategic standpoint.	1
Environmental protection program current interest bonds are due 1995-1999, 2005 and 2009..They are tentatively priced to yield from 6.45% in 1995 to 7.10% in 2009.	The standard capital appreciation bonds in the issue, due 1998-2011, yield to maturity from 6.70% in 1998 to 7.10% in 2009-2011.	0
I sell -- a little.	I am waiting.	1
Chase Manhattan closed down 1/8 to 40.	Citicorp fell 1/2 to 32.	0
which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else's statism.	The Orwellian "New World Information Order" would give government officials rights against the press; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government, which would have licensing and censorship powers and, indeed, duties to block printing of "wrong" ideas.	0
Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to determine the mix of promotion, merchandising, publicity and other marketing outlets, and to integrate those services.	He will concentrate on, among others, J.P. Morgan and Hyundai.	0
Dr. Knudson found that some children with the eye cancer had inherited a damaged copy of chromosome No. 13 from a parent who had had the disease.	Under a microscope he could actually see that a bit of chromosome 13 was missing.	0
that stocks of copper in U.S. producers' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons.	Outside the U.S. producer stocks at the end of August were 273,000 tons, down 3,000 tons from the end of July.	0
Paintings are just part of the picture.	Although Mr. Paul has pared a $1.35 billion junk-bond portfolio to less than $900 million since April, the high-yield debt market has plummeted.	1
The new bacteria recipients of the genes began producing pertussis toxin which, because of the mutant virulence gene, was no longer toxic.	Experiments showed that the new, non-virulent toxin is capable of inducing immunity, according to the researchers from the Selavo Research Center in Siena, Italy, the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and the Japanese National Institutes of Health.	0
Too early to tell, but a trade deficit that is significantly smaller than we imagined does suggest a review of our trade posture.	It does not relieve the need for our market-opening efforts for both goods and services, but it does suggest that it is our exports of services, and not just borrowing, that is financing our imports of goods.	1
We were just surprised.	Shocked.	0
For the U.S. to lend even the slightest support to the most infamous killers on Indochina's bleak scene could only disturb America's allies elsewhere.	It would be entirely rational for communist insurgents in countries such as the Philippines or Peru to conclude the following: Fight viciously enough and the U.S., under the banner of pragmatism, might eventually help negotiate your way to victory.	1
Under a microscope he could actually see that a bit of chromosome 13 was missing.	He assumed the missing piece contained a gene or genes whose loss had a critical role in setting off the cancer.	1
When you do that you wipe out the criminal incentives, including, I might say, the incentive that the drug pushers have to go around and get kids addicted, so that they create a market for themselves.	They won't have that incentive because they won't have that market.	0
Compaq Computer, which had lost 8 5/8 Thursday following a disappointing quarterly report, gained 5/8 to 100 5/8.	International Business Machines dropped 7/8 to 99 7/8.	0
Christopher Cox's Oct. 13 editorial-page article "Toward More Crippling Lawsuits . . ." misses the point.	The 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act is about eliminating discriminatory barriers.	1
We're very pleased with the new deal.	We didn't expect BellSouth to be so responsive.	1
They are, nonetheless, high on Manville's management.	It's one of the best in the business," says Salomon Brothers analyst Stephen Dobi.	0
Meanwhile, the average yield on six-month CDs of more than $90,000 fell to 7.93% in the latest week, according to Banxquote, from 8.10% the week before.	that actual rates are almost identical on small and large-denomination CDs, but yields on CDs aimed at the individual investor are boosted by more frequent compounding.	0
C.R. Bard Inc. yesterday said third-quarter net plunged 51% to $9.9 million, or 18 cents a share, from $20 million, or 35 cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales fell 1.2% to $190.1 million from $192.5 million.	0
Options traders, arbitrage traders -- everyone.	There were some pretty bad losses in the stock.	0
J. Nicholas Hahn, Cotton Inc. 's president and chief executive, was an outspoken critic of WPP Group's acquisition of Ogilvy Group earlier this year.	During the takeover, Mr. Hahn said he would put his account up for review if WPP's bid were successful.	0
A year ago, the company completely revamped its near-luxury sedan, the $17,699 Maxima, which competes against a broad range of upscale sedans.	it replaced its boxy, pug-nosed body with sleek, aerodynamic lines.	0
scowls and throws it down.	It's a real dog.	1
Television news, of course, has always been part show-biz.	Broadcasters have a healthy appreciation of the role entertainment values play in captivating an audience.	1
The comments were the ministry's first detailed public statement on the subject, and reflect the ministry's concern that foreigners will think Japan is using its tremendous financial power to control events in foreign markets.	A number of accounts of the events leading to the 190 point drop in New York stock prices on Oct. 13 accused the ministry of pulling the plug on the UAL deal for one reason or another.	0
Long-term investing -- that's not Steinhardt's style.	He doesn't usually risk that much unless he thinks he has an ace in the hole.	0
In other earthquake-related news, Hambrecht & Quist's OTC market makers were excused from trading yesterday and its positions were frozen for the day by the National Association of Securities Dealers.	Power couldn't be restored at the company's San Francisco headquarters to allow trading yesterday morning.	1
After doubling production in one plant, NEC is spending $275 million to build another plant that, in two years, will be able to make a million four-megabit DRAMs a year.	The new chip plants "won't be excessive investment.	0
For short-term gains, people were willing to put up with him.	That allowed him to get stronger and stronger.	1
Toyota Motor Corp. 's sales offices in Japan have one-tenth the computers per employee that its own U.S. offices do; over the next five years, it is aiming for rough parity.	Within a year, Kao Corp., a major cosmetics company, plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work, such as credit reports, currently performed in 22 separate offices.	0
sales rose despite the adverse effect of Japan's unpopular consumption tax, introduced in April.	Increasing personal spending and capital investment are fueling growth.	1
The underlying stopgap bill is the second required by Congress this fall and, since the current fiscal year began Oct. 1, only the Energy and Interior departments are operating on permanent appropriations enacted into law.	The standoff over abortion is certain to contribute to further delays and, apart from the health and education measure vetoed by Mr. Bush, bills funding the District of Columbia and the entire U.S. foreign-aid budget are in jeopardy because of related abortion or family-planning issues.	0
No doubt there is something to irk everyone in this AT&T-sponsored dramatization of Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein's book about Watergate.	Personally, I'm irked by its combination of ponderousness and timidity, which adds up to an utter lack of drama.	0
When U.S. trading began, Treasury bonds received an additional boost from news that sales of new single-family homes fell 14% in September.	The contraction was twice as large as economists projected and was the sharpest decline since a 19% drop in January 1982.	0
Then came the frightening 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and a new wave of stock-market volatility.	All of a sudden, it was back to square one.	1
Examples of the divisive effects of racial gerrymandering can be seen in two cities -- New York and Birmingham, Ala.	When they reapportion their districts after the 1990 census, every other municipality and state in the country will face this issue.	0
they are crucial to any sale or restructuring because they can refuse to fly the airplanes.	If they were to insist on a low bid of, say $200 a share, the board mightn't be able to obtain a higher offer from other bidders because banks might hesitate to finance a transaction the pilots oppose.	1
When all else fails, Gucci Gulch -- the fabled halls of the Capitol inhabited by lobbyists and their imported shoes -- offers a welcome environment for fallen officials.	Former Rep. Fernand St Germain, brought down by the savings-and-loan crisis, now represents -- you guessed it -- savings-and-loans associations.	0
It became apparent in hearings that there ought to be regulation of leveraged buy-outs of some sort.	in the airline business you can be totally laissez-faire because of the high degree of public interest" at stake.	1
Some economists -- and many Japanese companies -- are puzzled by the warnings.	The investment boom is mainly sparked by strong domestic demand and isn't likely to increase exports sharply.	1
The new Hewlett-Packard program is a key building block as people move to this new model of distributed processing.	In today's computer networks, some machines often sit idle while others are overtaxed.	1
Partly because the 1987 market crash made it harder for them to find financing, many high-technology concerns have made such alliances recently.	Some even see a silver lining in the dark clouds.	0
But the recent volatility in stock prices caused by the program trading has made some market makers less willing to soak up the stocks that are for sale.	they aren't comfortable carrying big positions in stocks because they realize prices can tumble quickly.	0
and will probably retail for more than $3,000 each in today's dollars.	Some critics say they won't be quickly embraced by consumers because of the high price.	0
There will be a lot of malice.	Men who have played hard all their lives aren't about to change their habits.	1
Czechoslovakia has restricted consumer-goods exports to neighbor countries because of "massive buying out of food" by tourists from Poland, Hungary and the Soviet Union.	Rising inflation in Poland and Hungary makes Czechoslovak food, clothing and shoes relatively cheap for visitors from these countries.	1
Czeslaw Pyszkiewicz owns 30 acres in 14 scattered scraps.	He grows rye and potatoes for a few hens, five cows and 25 piglets.	0
There is also worry that the Pepper Commission studying long-term health care will again push lawmakers toward employerpaid solutions.	The Section 89 victory could have a downside.	1
This year Congress, with prodding from President Bush, has been busy trying to put many of these same tax preferences back into the code.	It appears likely that, this year or next, some form of capital-gains preference and passive-loss restoration will be enacted.	1
Next month, talks will begin on two coveted CBS contracts, for the pro and college basketball finals..CBS is likely to spend whatever it takes to keep them..The potential bill: more than $600 million for several seasons, an 80% jump.	A few months later, CBS's college and pro football contracts come up for renewal; they could go for close to $100 million more than CBS now pays, a 40% to 50% rise.	0
Now, neither side -- the U.S. nor Mr. Noriega -- has an easy out.	President Bush has sworn to bring him to justice..Mr. Noriega believes he hasn't any alternative but to continue clutching to power.	1
But we'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else's.	I'm not sure cross-ownership would necessarily make things smoother.	0
You're not going to make it in a 5% bank account.	To get the necessary growth you need to go to the stock market.	0
current demand for used aircraft is strong.	that PWA would have little difficulty attracting prospective buyers.	1
In fact, Kazuo Ishiguro's "The Remains of the Day" (Knopf, 245 pages, $18.95) is both an homage to traditional English forms and a dramatic critique of them.	It implies that the British Empire was rooted in its subjects' minds, manners and morals, and argues, tacitly, that its self-destructive flaws were embodied in the defensive snobbery, willful blindness, role-playing and especially the locutions of its domestic servants.	0
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday's auction to 7.79% for a bond-equivalent yield of 8.04%.	The discount rate on six-month Treasury bills fell slightly to 7.60% for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.99%.	0
that the loss stemmed from the default of three options traders who had bet on a price rise in UAL Corp. shares before Oct. 13.	The price plummeted after a proposed leveraged buy-out of the airline fell through.	1
It's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days.	If you can do that and at the same time send a message that supports your business, that's brilliant.	1
Most of San Francisco's tourists and business travelers already have left.	Everyone left.	0
And most of these are absolutely unnecessary.	just about all of them could have been avoided.	1
but its battery life of two to three hours is shorter.	It doesn't have an internal floppy disk drive, although a snap-on drive can be purchased separately.	0
And if I think that some people {on HUD Secretary Jack Kemp's} staff are off base in terms in which they're evaluating certain things affecting my hometown, I have to tell you something -- I'm not going to take it.	that I'm elected to represent the people that sent me here.	1
The reason for the tremendous demand is simple.	South Koreans suddenly have a lot more money.	0
Everything sold at Radio Shack has a legal purpose.	but that requiring a beeping tone on recorders "would be ludicrous.	1
Industrywide, oil production in this country fell by 500,000 barrels a day to 7.7 million barrels in the first eight months of this year.	Daily output is expected to decline by at least another 500,000 barrels next year.	0
Outside investors, scarce since '86, are edging back.	Although "it's still difficult to raise money for a pure wildcat program institutions are starting to see there are cycles to these things, and this one is beginning to turn.	1
Even though the announcement was true in the end, it was issued without the senator's permission.	I blew it.	0
Occasionally, all that's needed is a little coaxing.	Elisa Byler, a St. Louis masseuse, won over officials at Emerson Electric Co., a maker of electrical and electronic equipment, by providing documents and other articles trumpeting the therapeutic benefits of massage.	0
Even the volatility created by stock index arbitrage and other computer-driven trading strategies isn't entirely bad, in Mr. Connolly's view.	For the long-term investor who picks stocks carefully, the price volatility can provide welcome buying opportunities as short-term players scramble frantically to sell stocks in a matter of minutes.	1
But on Oct. 6, he had reason to celebrate.	Two days earlier, his attorney met in a Park Avenue law office with a cartoon dealer who expected to sell 44 of the most important stolen strips to Mr. Russell for $62,800..Instead, New York City police seized the stolen goods, and Mr. Krisher avoided jail.	1
new cancer drugs to slow or reverse tumor growth may be based on the suppressor proteins normally produced by the genes.	The idea would be to administer to patients the growth-controlling proteins made by healthy versions of the damaged genes.	0
It's hard to generalize, but age seems to be the best predictor.	Adults under age 30 like sports cars, luxury cars, convertibles and imports far more than their elders do.	0
that this isn't a game for anyone with a weak stomach or wallet.	It's a big-risk business.	1
I expect to see some selling, but will they kill this one as they have every rally in the recent past" by selling and locking in prices for their production.	that for the first time in months there was some light investor interest in the metals.	0
The industry had shown signs of recovery this summer, after the central bank began to relax its clamp on credit, allowing interest rates to drop a bit after pushing them up for a year.	Sales of new homes rose and inventories of houses, which had been climbing, dropped.	1
However, in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume, Bethlehem "had pretty good earnings numbers.	third-quarter earnings of 55 cents a share.	0
In late New York trading yesterday, the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks, down from 1.8485 marks late Wednesday, and at 141.70 yen, up from 141.45 yen late Wednesday.	Sterling was quoted at $1.5990, up from $1.5920 late Wednesday.	0
Amdahl's results were somewhat worse than expected.	he expected the Sunnyvale, Calif., company to earn 35 cents a share for the quarter.	0
Kirin Brewery was up 100 at 2,000, and Ajinomoto gained 70 to 2,840.	Pharmaceuticals were mostly higher, with SS Pharmaceutical gaining 140 to 1,980.	0
The new "baskets" of stocks will allow big investors to buy or sell all 500 S&P index stocks in a single trade.	that the product, which the SEC temporarily approved yesterday, will help ease rather than worsen any volatility in the stock market.	0
The margins between buying bids and selling bids widened; trading in many stocks was suspended.	orders took unduly long to be executed.	0
that reigned at the agency.	Before an inventory in 1984 that showed the "disappearance" of 944 coins valued at about 2.9 million French francs (about $465,000), there hadn't been any stock-taking since 1868.	0
the goal "is to have a free and open world trading system.	An Asian bloc isn't intended.	0
John Tower was accused of womanizing and boozing during his unsuccessful bid to win confirmation as secretary of defense earlier this year.	Now he is writing a book, serving on an elite foreign policy advisory board and consulting for an array of corporate clients, including British publishing mogul Robert Maxwell.	0
Still, Mr. Utsumi may have a hard time convincing market analysts who have rightly or wrongly believed that the ministry played a role in orchestrating recent moves by Japanese banks.	All week there has been much speculation in financial circles in Tokyo and abroad about the ministry's real position.	1
A victor in the fight for Jaguar may not emerge until after the expiration late next year of British government takeover restrictions.	The curbs prevent a buyer from purchasing more than 15% of Jaguar shares without permission.	1
AT&T predicted strong growth in demand for such products.	It noted that last July, Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp. of Japan selected AT&T to supply $154 million of such equipment over a four-year period starting next year.	0
We're in a metro area with millions of Bear fans, and only a small number can be accommodated.	When the lease expires in 1999 It's got to be changed.	1
it would fund the acquisition through internal resources.	The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem's U.K. unit, including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions.	0
and he is using the money to help buy a 45-acre horse farm.	Just imagine how exciting that would be if that's your horse.	1
Alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis, the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis, a General Electric plant in Columbia, Md., or a number of other companies.	These firms are pioneers in a significant new trend in the corporate world: the rise of what I call corporate due process.	1
Treasury bonds ended with losses of as much as 1/4 point, or about $2.50 for each $1,000 face amount.	The benchmark 30-year bond ended at 101 17/32.	0
that Mr. Steinhardt, the trader, now is encumbered with a massive, illiquid airline holding.	USAir stock might lose four or five points if the Steinhardt stake was dumped all at once.	1
The move, subject to a definitive agreement, is part of a trend by big-city banks that have been buying up credit-card portfolios to expand their business.	Just last month, a Bank of New York subsidiary agreed to buy the credit-card operation of Dreyfus Corp. 's Dreyfus Consumer Bank for $168 million.	0
that new home sales for September were down 14% from August's revised 3.1% fall.	The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19% slide in January 1982.	0
that although retailers probably won't ever recover sales lost because of the California quake and Hurricane Hugo, they could see some benefits later on.	Stores such as Sears that sell big-ticket durable goods might actually get a boost as consumers rush to replace items lost in the disasters.	0
London's Financial Times 100-share index shed 40.4 points to finish at 2149.3.	At London's close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was 51.23 points lower at 2611.68.	0
So instead of building more efficient modern plants, utilities stick scrubbers on the old plants.	The money spent on scrubbers is diverted from planned research on new, cleaner technology.	1
Another option for Delmed is that it could sell its plant in Ogden, Utah.	that no discussions about such a sale are under way.	0
For OPEC, that's ideal.	The resulting firm prices and stability "will allow both producers and consumers to plan confidently.	1
All the more so when strong voices are heard opposing the policy.	Better to have a true monetarist policy, just for the experience.	1
Last year's series, broadcast by General Electric Co. 's NBC, was the lowest-rated Series in four years.	instead of featuring a major East Coast team against a West Coast team, it pitted the Los Angeles Dodgers against the losing Oakland A's.	1
Never once did she gasp for air or mop her brow.	She was as cool as a cucumber.	0
Under current law, it is not financially rational to forgo consumption.	Real, aftertax returns from financial assets are on the order of 1% or 2% a year.	1
when he was told by another prominent trader, Bernard "Bunny" Lasker, that the deal was in trouble.	After placing orders to sell, Mr. Freeman called Martin Siegel, an investment banker at Kidder, Peabody & Co., who was advising on the deal, to confirm these rumors.	1
Advertisers don't think of the magazine first.	What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance.	1
Reynolds is the third big aluminum company since Friday to report disappointing earnings.	The No. 1 domestic aluminum producer, Aluminum Co. of America, Friday said its earnings fell 3.2% to $219 million, or $2.46 a share.	1
Mr. Fournier's biggest hope was to somehow persuade regulatory authorities to block the bid.	Paribas still needs the go-ahead from the Commission des Operations de Bourse, a government regulatory agency.	1
and a 4% drop in car loadings.	Most of the commodity traffic was off.	1
I don't want to be like {financier Alan} Bond and the other Australians.	I don't want companies to be built around me as a person.	0
In April, the psyllium bandwagon got more crowded.	General Mills Inc., the food giant, launched a breakfast cereal called Benefit, containing psyllium, oat, wheat and beet bran.	1
Some machines make charts for presentations..Others analyze the data..To transfer information from one to the other, employees make printouts and enter the data manually..To transmit charts to branch offices, they use a fax machine..Meanwhile, a woman sitting next to a new Fujitsu terminal writes stock-market information on a chart with a pencil and adds it up with a hand calculator.	In an efficient setup, the same PC could perform all those tasks.	0
It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities, including the double-B-minus/B rating of Crossland's certificates of deposit and the single-B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes.	About $518 million of debt is affected.	1
Rather, they tend to have a set of two or three favorites.	Sometimes, they'll choose Ragu spaghetti sauce.	1
Parts 1, 2, and 5 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris's acclaimed film, "The Thin Blue Line.	When used as background in this way, the music has an appropriate eeriness, as when a two-note phrase, a descending minor third, accompanies the seemingly endless litany of reports, interviews and confessions of witnesses in the Morris film.	0
This time we don't really have to worry about Tokyo.	Nothing has changed fundamentally in the Tokyo market.	1
In a country where a bribe is needed to get a phone, a job, and even into a school, the name Bofors has become a potent rallying cry against the government.	That illustrates the kind of disappointment many Indians feel toward Mr. Gandhi, whom they zestfully elected and enthusiastically supported in his first two years in power.	1
and one of the worst sins in Washington is to be laughed at.	You can be wicked, but not foolish.	1
The precious canvas, cut from its frame at the time of the theft, was found in nearby Jena, hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves.	No charges were brought against her.	0
Mr. Angell is incorrect when he states that the Soviet Union's large gold reserves would give it "great power to establish credibility.	During the latter part of the 19th century, Russia was on a gold standard and had gold reserves representing more than 100% of its outstanding currency, but no one outside Russia used rubles.	1
Another reason for the weakness, he said, may be that mortgage rates have hit a plateau since they began edging down after a peak in March.	In August, rates on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages started creeping up a bit, but they inched down again through September.	1
The five astronauts returned to Earth about three hours early because high winds had been predicted at the landing site.	Fog shrouded the base before touchdown.	0
The administration's concerns are understandable.	The economy is showing signs of weakness, particularly among manufacturers.	1
the fund, which is 40% leveraged, has maintained a "substantial cushion" between its borrowing costs and the yields of the portfolio's bonds.	I don't want to be in a position to have to sell.	1
that women on whom the drug proves ineffective not carry the pregnancy to term but undergo a surgical abortion.	A risk of birth defects.	1
that if Paribas wins its 66.7%, remaining Navigation Mixte shares will fall in value.	That displeases many current holders, such as Allianz, which couldn't be sure of selling all their shares if they tendered to Paribas.	1
W. Herbert Hunt has agreed to the Peruvian mineral concern's proposal.	Nelson Bunker Hunt is considering it, although his attorney says he won't do it if the proposal jeopardizes a tentative settlement he has reached with the Internal Revenue Service.	0
Mr. Steinhardt was engaged in a duel with USAir.	He was threatening to take over the carrier, after spending an estimated $167 million to build an 8.4% USAir stake for his investment clients.	0
And the potential market is tremendous.	If HDTV takes off in the U.S., there will be demand for some 4,000 to 5,000 HDTV converters, known in the industry as telecines.	1
the consumer price index reflects a more significant slowdown in the U.S. economy than earlier indicated.	that September's producer-price index showed a 0.9% increase.	1
It's now a very good time politically to get this over and done with.	The government, already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy, has been badly hurt by last week's shake-up in Mrs. Thatcher's cabinet.	1
or there only may be one player in town.	It is very hard to justify paying a silly price for Jaguar if an out-and-out bidding war were to start now.	1
For holders who decide not to tender their shares, Sea Containers will issue one share of preferred stock with a stated value of $25, plus a cash dividend on the common stock.	its directors, management and subsidiaries will remain long-term investors and won't tender any of their shares under the offer.	0
Share turnover subsided to 161.5 million.	Advancing and declining issues finished about even.	0
Also, a contract with the United Auto Workers at the company's helicopter plant in Philadelphia expired Oct. 15.	This contract, covering about 3,000 hourly production and maintenance workers, is being extended on a day-to-day basis.	1
By noon, Mr. Bush had taken two phone calls from Vice President Dan Quayle, who was in California; made a televised statement of concern.	signed a disaster proclamation.	0
The company's turnaround is far from complete.	many crucial tests are just beginning.	1
On Friday, the Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was down 15.82 at 2681.76.	First-section volume was estimated at 1.3 billion shares, up from 886 million shares Thursday.	0
It is what lawyers call "fact intensive.	It presents no great issue of legal principle, no overriding question of family law or the law of contempt.	1
Of immediate concern is whether the Thatcher government will continue Mr. Lawson's policy of tracking the monetary policies of the West German Bundesbank and responding in kind when the Frankfurt authorities move interest rates.	Mrs. Thatcher "doesn't like taking orders from foreigners.	1
Industry groups and reputable planners who are members of them want comprehensive standards, too.	they're tired of seeing practitioners depicted collectively in the business press as dumber than chimpanzees and greedier than a herd of swine.	1
Instead the RTC should consider using Treasury debt, which is less expensive and subject to oversight by Congress.	The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit-reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law.	0
Michael won't confirm the identities of any Easy Egg customers, nor will it say much of anything else.	Two Minneapolis shareholder suits in the past month have accused top officers of making "various untrue statements.	1
they believed that Renaissance's $900 million buy program was carried out by PaineWebber Inc.	PaineWebber bought shares Tuesday as part of a customer strategy shift.	0
Britain, France and Italy pull out of a proposal to build new NATO frigates.	the U.S. and West Germany have each withdrawn from missile projects.	0
Two years ago, a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $1,000 that it couldn't debunk the uncanny goings-on in "the Oregon Vortex.	To viewers from a distance, visitors to the spot seemed to shrink disproportionately, relative to the background.	0
He has not changed, but those around him have.	Many of his views on the protection of wilderness areas, rivers and canyons are now embraced by mainstream, conservative Utahans.	1
An official linked the gain essentially to higher prices for beef and pork.	summer drought problems that had hit several southern agricultural regions had stopped being a major source of price pressure in September.	1
There are about a dozen more deals coming.	If they had this much trouble with Chicago & North Western, they are going to have an awful time with the rest.	1
Plans to dissolve many of the trade barriers within Europe in 1992 creates significant opportunities for the company particularly since Western Digital already manufactures there.	Capitalizing on that presence, Western Digital is launching a major effort to develop the embryonic reseller market in Europe.	1
It also saves money.	Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff, room charges are lower.	1
Sea Containers, which unveiled a proposed restructuring, advanced 1 to 62.	it would repurchase half of its common shares at $70 each, sell an estimated $1.1 billion in assets and pay a special preferred-stock dividend to common-stock holders.	1
That hasn't deterred plenty of companies.	Along with Nissan, Grand Metropolitan PLC's Burger King and New York Life Insurance have tied ads to Red Cross donations.	0
The association between the two companies stretches back thirty years to a friendship between television producer Mark Goodson and Ingersoll founder Ralph Ingersoll.	The latter's son, Ralph Ingersoll Jr., took over the company.	0
The government built ports, bridges, highways, schools, hospitals and railways.	When industries were weak, it protected them.	0
He's a rare Democratic hawk.	He's the senator most like Arthur Vandenberg, the GOP senator from Michigan who worked to forge a bipartisan foreign policy in the 1940s.	0
But Smith Barney's Mr. Doyle called the market's reaction "justified.	While the third-quarter earnings were a "moderate disappointment," he said, "the real bad news is the intensity of price competition" in the premium-beer sector.	0
These apocalyptic predictions were advanced by such stalwarts as Paul Ehrlich, Barry Commoner, Rene Dubois and George Wald..Writing in the 1960s Ms. Carson suggested that the human race could be eliminated in 20 years, and Mr. Wald suggested that life on earth might end by 1985..Mr. Ehrlich predicted unprecedented famine by 1980..There were many more..Thousands of chemical products were categorized as carcinogenic, with recommendations that they be banned from industrial use because they produced malignant tumors in overdosed rats.	Unknown before 1960 were the inconclusive effects of acid rain, greenhouse warming and ozone depletion, all of which required burgeoning political power and gargantuan expense.	0
In over-the-counter trading Friday, Weisfield's gained $9.50 to $39.	At that price, the company has an indicated value of $42.9 million.	0
This summer, the industry introduced a "kids fly free" program, in which children were allowed to fly free if they were traveling with an adult.	Airlines tried to restrict the program substantially by limiting the offer to certain days of the week, but it still was apparently used far more heavily than the airlines expected.	0
Despite yesterday's modest bond market gains investors are anxious about the Treasury's huge quarterly refunding of government debt.	it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury's borrowing capacity.	1
Essentially, the critics of stock-index futures fall into two camps.	One group says the futures contribute to stock market volatility; the other contends that futures are a sideshow of speculation that detracts from the stock market's basic function of raising capital.	0
Also, some policy illustrations assume that mortality costs will decline or that I will get some sort of dividend bonus after the 10th year.	These are not certain, either.	0
An enormous turtle has succeeded where the government has failed.	He has made speaking Filipino respectable.	0
Thomson took a called strike.	The tension mounted as Ralph Branca, again on the mound, stared down the batter.	1
many junkholders had been hoping that KKR and Mr. Gillett would invest new money in SCI TV.	Those investors think SCI TV needs new equity to survive.	1
Re-creating events has, in general, upset news traditionalists, including former CBS News President Richard S. Salant and former NBC News President Reuven Frank, former CBS News anchorman Walter Cronkite and the new dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, Joan Konner.	Says she: "Once you add dramatizations, it's no longer news, it's drama, and that has no place on a network news broadcast.	0
Whoever constitute the local Left Bank come out in force, dressed in black, along with a smattering of yuppies who want to be on the cutting edge.	People in Glass houses tend to look stoned.	0
Last week, Mesa rejected a general proposal from StatesWest that the two carriers combine.	In response to the specific offer management will ask directors to employ a financial consultant to advise them.	0
futures are useful as a way to hedge portfolios.	If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall, but want to continue owning stocks, they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts.	1
For Aetna and other insurers, the San Francisco earthquake hit when resources in the field already were stretched.	Most companies still are trying to sort through the wreckage caused by Hurricane Hugo in the Carolinas last month.	1
Industry executives and analysts are divided on whether Mr. Phillips is up to the task.	He isn't as well-known to clients as is Mr. Roman.	1
that many arbitrage firms are afraid to sell their UAL stock at the bottom, but already own so much they can't buy any more.	This deal is like a Roach Motel.	1
Most people do just the opposite: They sell their winners and keep their losers.	Which types of stocks are most likely to qualify.	1
So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts and CDs, and tinkered with stocks, bonds and mutual funds, as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market.	Return on this fine portfolio has been modest when it has not been negative.	0
earthquake speculation could have more impact on the oil markets.	the question is was there any structural damage to the pipelines or anything else.	1
Things are a little less overpriced" after Friday's jolt in the market.	stocks to decline an additional 5% to 30%.	0
that was an experiment he is unlikely to repeat.	you'll find I'm making a radical change in my traditional investment style.	0
The Nasdaq 100 Index began the day at 449.89, lost 2% at one point, and was up 0.4% at another.	The barometer of the biggest nonfinancial stocks settled at 448.49, off 1.40.	0
He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama's socalled G-2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier.	He became Gen. Torrijos's inseparable shadow, and the holder of all Panama's secrets.	0
that investors shouldn't slavishly follow any specific price/earnings sell trigger.	If you say sell anytime a company's price/earnings ratio exceeds 15, that knocks out all your growth stocks.	1
This seed's not grown anywhere else in India, or anywhere else in the world.	The proper climatic conditions don't exist in many places in the world.	1
Federal, on its own, hadn't been doing very well overseas.	It had hemorrhaged in its attempt to get into Asia, where treaty restrictions forced it to fly some planes half-empty on certain routes.	1
The U.S. futures exchanges compete world-wide as never before.	Today, trading in almost any commodity can be diverted from U.S. markets with just a few strokes of a keyboard.	1
But except for Zenith Electronics Corp. and International Business Machines Corp., which is collaborating with Toshiba on computer displays, they are poorly positioned to exploit advances in large panels.	General Electric Co. recently sold off its interests in liquid-crystal displays to Thompson-CSF of France.	0
the market was exceptionally thin, as small investors remain on the sidelines.	investors are not only licking their wounds following the turbulence last week, but they have also been made nervous by two events in West Germany.	1
The Japanese take the long view.	It may not be weeks or months, but they are also opportunistic and if they feel comfortable, they will move on a deal.	1
rivals such as Warner, Paramount Pictures, Walt Disney Co. and Universal Studios have been thrashing Columbia at the box office.	After five years of management turmoil, with four different studio heads, Columbia sorely needs a stable, savvy team to restore its credibility and get it back in the business of making hits.	1
Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding.	It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering.	0
While the theme is compelling, the plot and characters are not.	We never care about Said or the "hypocrites" he hunts.	1
Mr. Runkel declined to speculate on whether the guidelines would curb racketeering prosecutions against corporate defendants.	The impact, if there is any, will be impossible to judge ahead of time because the decision whether to use {racketeering charges} is made in individual cases" by Justice Department officials in Washington.	1
Comsat Video will pay $17 million for a 62.5% interest, with Messrs..Lee and Bynoe putting up $8 million for a 37.5% stake in the team.	Under terms of the sale, Nuggets owner Sidney Shlenker could receive up to $11 million in additional payments from the franchise's future earnings.	0
Its telecommunications headquarters in Burlingame, Calif., had been knocked out since the quake.	We're in the dark.	1
Larsen & Toubro, for example, says.	Unlike other companies, it hasn't pin-pointed specific projects for the funds.	0
but in effect they operate in the dark.	There is no effective regulation of planners, no accepted standard for admission into their ranks no way to assess their performance, no way even to know how many of them there are.	1
And there he was.	The hero of my youth, the one person in history I'd most like to meet.	0
Immunex will contract with the spinoff to provide the research, development and initial testing of the new agents.	Immunex will have the option to buy back Receptech shares after five years.	0
Many people here expect a room-rate war as the new projects open.	There's probably going to be some pressure on occupancy and room rates over the next year, but after that you should see the market return to 80%-plus occupancy and regular rates," says Paul Rubeli, casino executive at Ramada Inc.	0
and had been discussing a joint venture with both Warner and MCA.	he chose Warner, the largest record company, because "their standing in the entertainment industry is second to none.	0
That's not all.	Aer Rianta, the Irish airport authority, could build a cargo terminal in the Soviet Union.	1
And "Summerfolk is a lawn party of Russian yuppies engaged in an exhausting ideological fight to the finish between the allrightniks and the reformers.	Along the way there also are lots of romantic dalliances.	0
but the next tremor threw me in the air and bounced me as I tried to get to my feet.	We are all fine here, although Mame was extremely freaked.	0
Ford officials, for example, crowed about their first-ever Tokyo Grand Prix racing victory.	True, Ford was declared the winner Sunday.	0
they rest on an incorrect view.	They would not solve the problem.	1
She's being attacked by the demon," Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman.	A half-hour later, the woman is smiling and chatting.	0
They even drop semi-obscure names like Wolfgang Flottl.	It's the one-upsmanship of name-dropping that counts.	1
the concern will be able to withstand the current downturn in Arizona real estate.	Commercial paper holders have reinvested their funds and consumer deposits have been up in the last few days.	1
They were frustrated by the longer queues at the cashier and the small coins given as change.	All of a sudden, prices were no longer in denominations of 100 or 200.	1
Are you stupid.	You should know what questions to ask to get people to answer.	1
But salespeople often found that news of Wang's problems superseded their sales efforts.	William Tait, a former sales manager in Indianapolis, says that his office had all but sold a $1.5 million image system to pharmaceutical maker Eli Lilly & Co.	0
Departing from its newspaper ads featuring prim sketches of a suit or a coat, Brooks Brothers is marketing an updated image in a new campaign that carries the slogan, "The Surprise of Brooks Brothers.	One color photo displays a rainbow of dress shirts tied in a knot; another picture shows neckties with bold designs.	0
The operational freedom has also given Federal a leg up on archrival United Parcel Service Inc., the nation's largest employer of United Brotherhood of Teamsters members.	UPS won't discuss its labor practices, but, according to Mr. Cleveland, a former UPS employee, and others, union work rules prohibit UPS drivers from doing more than carrying packages between customers and their vans.	1
The $4 million Monetta Fund, for instance, was the seventh top performing fund for the week, with a 2.65% return.	Its return so far this year has been a credible 21.71%.	0
There can be no question of us unilaterally abandoning the armed struggle.	To date, we see no clear indication that the government is serious about negotiations.	1
But the talks on a heavy truck alliance apparently didn't go far.	that officials of Saab's highly profitable Scania truck operation balked at surrendering any of their autonomy.	1
In East Germany, where humor has long been the only way to express political criticism, they're not laughing about their new leader Egon Krenz.	Mr. Krenz is such a contradictory figure that nobody has even come up with any good jokes about him.	1
U.S. sales rose 15%.	The segment's growth was led by sales of the cardiovascular drugs Lopid, a lipid regulator, and Dilzem, a calcium channel blocker.	0
Meanwhile, Japanese government bonds retreated in quiet trading.	Japan's bellwether 4.6% bond due 1998 ended on brokers' screens at 95.75 to yield 5.315%.	0
These were only two of a series of fabrications that had, in Judge Kozinski's words, the cumulative effect of making Mr. Masson "appear more arrogant, less sensitive, shallower, more self-aggrandizing, and less in touch with reality than he appears from his own statements.	As Robert Coles wrote in a review of Ms. Malcolm's book, Mr. Masson emerges "as a grandiose egotist . . . and, in the end, a self-destructive fool..But it is not Janet Malcolm who calls him such: his own words reveal this psychological profile.	1
The success of the British gold standard was due to independent private banking and common law, rather than the choice of gold for valuing the currency.	It is no coincidence that from 1844 to 1914, when the Bank of England was an independent private bank, the pound was never devalued and payment of gold for pound notes was never suspended, but with the subsequent nationalization of the Bank of England, the pound was devalued with increasing frequency and its use as an international medium of exchange declined.	1
Much of the cost of cleaning up after the earthquake will involve repairing highways and bridges.	California lawmakers are seeking changes in rules governing the federal highway relief program so more money can be made available for the state.	1
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops, such as cotton, soybeans and rice.	The male part, the anthers of the plant, and the female, the pistils, of the same plant are within a fraction of an inch or even attached to each other..The anthers in these plants are difficult to clip off.	1
Nevertheless, the Bush administration agreed to the dubious arrangement in July.	According to officials in Washington, the State Department hoped that by pleasing President Arias, it would gain his support to postpone any decision on the Contras until after Mr. Ortega's promises of democratic elections were tested next February.	1
that despite the economic restructuring associated with European Community efforts to develop a single market by 1992, European stock trading remains a highly fragmented and very localized activity.	Against this backdrop, one thing that doesn't seem likely to result from 1992 is a single European stock market.	1
he wants to know whether state or federal engineers or private companies could have prevented the damage.	he has hired civil engineers to check out his own mildly damaged building and to investigate the bridge collapse.	1
South Gardens, as the Bartlett scheme is called, will occupy the last 3.5 acres of open space at the southwest tip of Manhattan.	It could cost taxpayers $15 million to install and BPC residents $1 million a year to maintain.	0
For eight hours a day for the past two weeks, in aggregates of as much as 27,000 pounds (equaling $20,000 in pennies), Coin Wrap has been pouring money into a cement-mixing truck.	A giant heater, working like a blowtorch, causes the mud to crust and burns off any wrappers.	0
by holding higher-cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped.	Operating profit dropped 46% in its specialty flat-rolled steel segment.	1
Ship companies carrying bulk commodities, such as oil, grain, coal and iron ore, have been able to increase their rates in the last couple of years.	Some bulk shipping rates have increased "3% to 4% in the past few months.	0
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story, Jos..A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems.	We did experience some difficulties with the initial LBO terms and, as your article made clear, successfully restructured our debt earlier this year, something those other retailers have yet to accomplish.	1
Unilever already has experienced some disappointment.	The mass-market Aziza brand, which it acquired in 1987 along with Chesebrough-Pond's Inc., has lost share, according to industry analysts.	1
At 12:01 a.m. EST today, the federal government's temporary $2.87 trillion debt limit expired.	To avoid default, lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $3.12 trillion from $2.80 trillion by next Wednesday, according to the Treasury.	1
There may be some activity in soybean prices this week as investors try to get rid of the contract for November delivery.	Investors usually don't want to take physical delivery of a contract, preferring instead to profit from its price swings and then end any obligation to take delivery or make delivery as it nears expiration.	1
Although Mr. Paul has pared a $1.35 billion junk-bond portfolio to less than $900 million since April, the high-yield debt market has plummeted.	Divesting itself of what is left, as is required of all thrift institutions by July 1994 under the new federal S&L bailout law, may well prove difficult.	1
Some people must drop names -- call it an irresistible impulse.	They can't help talking about the big important people they know, even if they don't really know them.	0
Under the deficit-reduction law, 4.3% of the Pentagon's money and 5.3% of other agencies' money has been canceled.	Lawmakers are expected to try to restore the funds once a pending deficit-cutting measure has been signed into law.	0
Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors: E. Garrett Bewkes III, a 38-year-old managing director in the mergers and acquisitions department; Michael R. Dabney, 44, a managing director who directs the principal activities group which provides funding for leveraged acquisitions; Richard Harriton, 53, a general partner who heads the correspondent clearing services; Michael Minikes, 46, a general partner who is treasurer; and William J. Montgoris, 42, a general partner who is also senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer.	The board increased by one to 26 members.	1
According to federal officials and drug-industry studies, nearly half of the 1.6 billion prescriptions filled each year aren't used properly, meaning that money is wasted on some prescriptions and patients are deprived of the benefits of medication.	it's very important to provide as much information as possible on the drugs consumers take.	1
Algeria plans to increase natural-gas sales to Europe and the U.S.	According to the Middle East Economic Survey, the North African nation is holding talks with Italy for adding a fourth pipe to a section of the Trans-Mediterranean pipeline, expanding capacity by up to six billion cubic meters a year from 12.5 billion.	1
Big banks such as Chemical Bank and Chase Manhattan, which have been taking heavy charges to expand their Third World loan-loss reserves, aren't looking for tax-exempt income.	We don't need the shelter of tax-free bonds.	1
The Fed's problem is not that it is too independent, or too unpolitical.	The Fed is responsive to, and cannot help being responsive to, the more overtly political part of the government.	0
the proposed legislation already is having an impact.	An investment group led by Chicago's Pritzker family recently lowered a $3.35 billion bid for American Medical International, Beverly Hills, Calif., because of the threat of the legislation.	0
At the initial sale last night, for example bids totaled $116 million.	That was slightly above Sotheby's presale estimate of $111 million.	0
The supply is not a constraint to the market.	If one thinks that rates are going down, you don't care how much supply is coming.	1
The announcement was made because of reports Tuesday that Cuba would delay shipments to Japan scheduled for later this year, into early next year.	the quantity mentioned in the Japanese announcement is so small that it's meaningless.	0
it will pay off eventually.	Federal's earnings to improve again in its fiscal third quarter ending Feb. 28.	0
The Wilmington, Del., company reported net of $547 million, or $2.36 a share.	In the year-earlier period, the company earned $461 million, or $1.91 a share.	0
But they also hope to benefit from Japanese manufacturing expertise.	The Soviet Union has a lot of know-how, but it has been difficult to put that into actual production because of various structural problems in the economy.	1
The triple-A-rated issue offered a yield of only about 0.5 percentage point above four-year Treasury issues.	On a $10,000 investment, that's a difference of only $50 a year.	1
it completed the previously reported sale of approximately 27,500 acres of timberland near Truckee, Calif., to closely held Sierra Pacific Industries Corp., Arcata, Calif., for $32.5 million.	the transaction, which includes a swap of other timber interests, would result in a $13.5 million after-tax gain, to be recorded in the fourth quarter.	0
The operative definition of newsworthiness will favor virtually unrestrained use of personal, sensitive and intimate facts.	Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ("is this something the public ought to know") will be replaced by a much broader test ("is this something the public is interested in knowing.	0
that the government's fee-forfeiture power is to be used sparingly.	According to department policy, prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made.	0
The blood flows to your head, you feel lightheaded and you don't feel tension around the head or neck.	When you leave the room after your massage, people say you look like you're glowing.	1
Felix Siemienas is destroying it now.	He packs pork.	1
Steppenwolf needs the extra seats even more than the fly space.	It's currently forced to turn away many potential subscribers beyond the 13,000 who can be accommodated in its present digs.	1
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high-tech items in New York and West Germany.	Last week, a Soviet delegation came to Japan to push more space technologies.	0
For the nine months, net of $38.5 million, or 92 cents a share, trailed the year earlier's $49.9 million, or $1.08 a share.	Sales rose to $406 million from $356 million the year earlier.	0
The fundamentals don't change in an hour.	they should close down the futures exchange and then we could get back to investing.	1
They don't even want to talk to you.	I know that I'm shouting into the breeze here as far as what we're doing now.	1
Say you purchased a stock because of a new product that was in the works.	Now, because of various difficulties, the product has been scrapped.	0
Mr. Grobstein had been a vice chairman of Ernst & Whinney, an accounting firm that merged with rival Arthur Young in July to form Ernst & Young, a major accounting, tax and management consulting firm.	Mr. Grobstein's appointment formalizes a role he has been performing since the merger.	0
So far, money managers and other bond buyers haven't shown much interest in the Refcorp bonds.	Analysts have mixed views about the two-year note auction.	0
We're making decisions on a day-to-day basis.	Debt-free and profitable, the Boulder, Colo., computer-products concern could borrow funds if it decides against an IPO now.	1
At the time, Japan had just opened its doors to the world after about 250 years of isolation and needed a Western-style business center.	Mitsubishi built the government's dream development in exchange for the official decision to locate Tokyo's central railway station there.	1
A comprehensive development policy for governors over 30 would seem to be a more pressing need.	What Gov. Clinton is advocating, in effect, is extending the educational system down to the pre-kindergarten years.	1
The 23-5 vote clears the way for consideration on the House floor next week or the week after.	Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner, in a letter to the committee, warned that he would urge President Bush to veto the legislation if it passed Congress.	0
But now the companies are getting into trouble because they undertook a record expansion program while they were raising prices sharply.	Third-quarter profits fell at several companies.	1
To justify their exempt status and avoid penalties, these businesses must show once a year that each and every transaction on which they didn't pay sales tax was a legitimate business expense.	You need one person to just take care of sales tax.	1
the new contract essential to the revival of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange.	that without a healthy futures exchange, Hong Kong's aspirations to be recognized as an international financial center will suffer.	0
Mr. Thornburgh would be required to reinstate the units next year if an proposed omnibus crime bill is passed.	Among other things, the bill calls for a reorganization of the Justice Department.	1
Slightly more, like Leslie Sherren, a law librarian in San Francisco who attends dance aerobics five times a week, exercise to relieve stress.	Working with lawyers I need it.	1
One way that money fund managers boost yields in a declining rate environment is by extending the maturities of their investments.	The average maturity of the taxable funds that Donoghue's follows increased by two days in the latest week to 40 days, its longest since August.	0
Old network hands have started to turn off the network because they don't have time to wade through the muck.	Mr. Goodfellow has started a Menlo Park, Calif., company called Anterior Technology that provides human editors for public electronic networks.	1
that the ban would "guarantee the extinction of the elephant.	Legitimate ranchers, who have an interest in preserving the herds, would go out of business.	1
The TW buy-out may yet be financed.	There is nothing wrong with the company.	1
that the earthquake made the World Series seem unimportant.	that sports rarely are important, only diverting, and the quake merely highlighted that fact.	0
he still thinks the IPO will succeed.	If it doesn't the company would have to change its expansion timetable.	0
and can now bring his furs to the front door of retailers as far away as the Midwest.	Small retailers who can't afford to travel to his New York showroom have become fair game.	1
that it's a mistake to put too much power in the hands of a single person.	Conservatives pushing for a line-item veto now may regret it later.	1
That money also would have to be borrowed.	In effect, McCaw has forced LIN's hand by bidding $1.9 billion for the stake earlier this month.	1
at least partly by soaring domestic demand.	Japan's marathon economy, growing at 4.3% this year, is now in its 35th month of expansion, and some economists are betting that the boom will outlast the record 57-month expansion in the late 1960s.	0
One team pays so much and the other pays more.	We just don't have that kind of income stream.	0
And liquidity is what markets need to damp quakes and aftershocks.	In today's markets, specialists (on the New York Stock Exchange) and "upstairs" market makers (in the over-the-counter market) are the only market participants allowed to play a direct role in the price-determination process.	0
It certainly won't get there on looks.	Compared to the Red Delicious, the exemplar of apple pulchritude, the Fuji is decidedly more dowdy -- generally smaller, less-perfectly shaped, greenish, with tinges of red.	1
But even in his front-runner campaign, he has shown signs of the indecisiveness and confusion that some say has plagued his tenure as Manhattan borough president -- and might hinder him as mayor.	Over the last few weeks, he has frittered away roughly half of what was once a 33-point lead in the polls over Mr. Giuliani.	1
For example stocks of small companies are selling for about 19 times cash flow. (Cash flow, basically earnings plus depreciation, is one common gauge of a company's financial health.	That ratio is dangerously close to the ratio of 19.7 that prevailed before the 1987 stock-market crash.	0
but a trifle unfair otherwise.	They showed up, but didn't -- or couldn't -- challenge.	1
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left.	If he follows the correct path, he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition.	0
APPLE COMPUTER CO., Cupertino, computer maker, annual sales of $4.07 billion, OTC, sustained some structural damage.	Offices were closed yesterday.	1
Colombia alone -- its government, its people, its newspapers -- does not have the capacity to fight this battle successfully.	All drug-consuming countries must jointly decide to combat and punish the consumers and distributors of drugs.	1
Kirschner Medical fell 4 to 15.	The company said its third-quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year, despite a rise in the company's revenue.	0
In an invention that drives Verdi purists bananas, Violetta lies dying in bed during the prelude, rising deliriously when then she remembers the great parties she used to throw.	The entire opera is her dream.	1
Before becoming self-employed, or setting up a cooperative, workers must seek permission from the local soviet (council.	Permission is far from automatic.	0
One person who is past worrying about London's blues is Christopher Hartley.	Last summer, he chucked his 10-year career as a London stockbroker and headed for the mountains.	1
Malaysia's Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad sniffed, "If everybody else puts out their left foot and you put out your right foot, you are out of step.	Mrs. Thatcher: "If it's one against 48, I'm very sorry for the 48.	0
and the persistence of scandal in Washington.	Though the play clearly is framed around the events of Iran-Contra, it takes in the wide sweep of scandals over the past 30 years.	1
the universe is a big place, and given the right conditions, sympathetic to creating some form of life.	Surely at some other cosmic address a Gouldoid creature would have risen out of the ooze to explain why, paleontologically speaking, "it is, indeed, a wonderful life.	1
However, the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted, they survive forever.	Although the current management team may be outstanding, who will be the CEO in 10 years.	0
The Treasury's report, which is required annually by a provision of the 1988 trade act, again took South Korea to task for its exchange-rate policies.	We believe that there have continued to be indications of exchange-rate `manipulation'" during the past six months.	0
But even though NATO negotiators have only 10 months left under the Bush timetable, they are still wrestling over such seemingly fundamental questions as "What is a tank.	Five of the six categories of weapons under negotiation haven't even been defined.	0
Instead, they were pressured by Pakistan's ISI, the channel for their support, into attacking Jalalabad.	They took more than 25% casualties; journalists report that they faced minefields without mine detectors.	0
It has more drug users than Boston has people..Thirty-four thousand of its children live in foster homes, while 50,000 residents have no homes at all.	Its tax base is shrinking.	0
Taco Bell has turned around declining customer counts by permanently lowering the price of its tacos.	Same store-sales for Kentucky Fried Chicken rose only 1%.	0
The removal of Mr. Honecker was apparently the result of bitter infighting within the top ranks of the Communist party.	According to West German government sources, Mr. Honecker and several senior Politburo members fought over the last week to delay any decisions about a leadership change..But, with public demonstrations in the country growing in size and intensity, Mr. Honecker and several key allies lost out in this battle.	0
Nevertheless, the increasing likelihood that these two major supply disruptions will be resolved weighed on the market.	Both of these mines are normally major suppliers of copper to Japan.	1
In the near future, it will be a big market, not just for waterworks, but for all mapping systems.	We can expect a hundreds-of-billions-of-yen market.	0
I guess I didn't really notice the trees.	Maybe they were hidden by all the people.	1
that some of the money raised in the current spate of issues will be used as campaign donations before the elections.	but India's industrialists have a history of making under-the-table campaign donations.	1
Bankers believed in the greater-fool theory that says somebody else is always willing to pay more.	This is no longer true today.	0
For them, it makes all kinds of sense.	They've been given a mandate from Switzerland" to expand their U.S. chocolate operations.	1
Democracy is making a return with a vengeance to Latin America's most populous and deeply indebted country.	On Nov. 15, when Brazilians elect a president for the first time in 29 years, the country's 82 million voters will have 22 candidates to choose from.	1
Roland J. Hawkins, chairman of Jet Vacations Inc., was elected to the board of this cruise line.	The board expands to seven members.	1
As in: "You went ballooning??!! In France.	Americans have followed Malcolm Forbes's hot-air lead and taken to ballooning in a heady way.	1
Meanwhile, Wall Street's volatility unnerved investors in other markets.	Share prices closed lower in Paris, Zurich, Brussels, Milan and Stockholm, and mixed in Amsterdam.	1
Formally or informally, train all your managers and supervisors in the company's due-process approach..See that they know company personnel policy backwards and forwards, for it is the "law" governing company courts and adjudicators.	Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately.	0
It was all too mellow to be believed, but they probably would have gotten away with it, had they not felt compelled to add Ms. Collins's signature tune, "Amazing Grace," and ask for audience participation.	That went over the permissible line for warm and fuzzy feelings.	1
All this havoc is the result of one of the worst busts in Arizona's boom-and-bust history, compounded by some of the usual suspects in 1980s banking debacles: greed, fraud and plain bad banking.	In the late 1970s and early 1980s, lenders and developers poured money into office buildings, condominiums and massive tracts of raw desert land, confident that Arizona's population would grow at annual rates of 4% to 6% for years to come.	0
But B.A.T's restructuring now will take longer because of the market upheaval.	the market gyrations could delay the actions well into the second half.	0
the privately funded American Red Cross also finds itself strapped for funds after its big Hugo operation.	It's been a bad month money-wise and every other way.	0
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months.	Among stock funds, the conservative growth-and-income portfolios probably will remain popular.	1
But Japanese bonds ended weaker.	The benchmark No. 111 4.6% bond due 1998 ended on brokers' screens at a price of 96, off 0.15 point to yield 5.27%.	0
Banks indicated they were operating at greater than 90% of their usual capacity, but a Nob Hill hotel said tourists had fled, leaving the previously full hotel with an 80% vacancy rate.	City crews tallied the wreckage to buildings, but lacked a clear sense of how gravely transportation arteries were disabled.	0
But some large insurers, such as State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co., don't purchase reinsurance, but fund their own program.	A few years ago, State Farm, the nation's largest home insurer, stopped buying reinsurance because no one carrier could provide all the coverage that it needed and the company found it cheaper to self-reinsure.	0
and the assorted provisions attached by lawmakers run from $1.5 million for a fish farm in Arkansas to a music festival in Moscow under the United States Information Agency.	Lawmakers scrapped all of a $7.4 million State Department request for the 1992 Expo in Seville, Spain, but agreed elsewhere to $15,000 for an oil portrait of former Chief Justice Warren Burger.	0
Guests bring movies on tape, and show their favorite three-to-five minute segments on the screen that unrolls from the ceiling of the Volokhs' art-nouveau library ("the pleasure dome").	They eat "sinful and sensual things" -- and explain their clips.	0
Recession fears are springing up again among investors.	that the selling of cyclical stocks yesterday will be followed by a sell-off in shares of companies with big debt loads on their balance sheets.	1
Your Sept. 27 page-one article "Charleston Lost Quite a Lot to Hugo, Especially Gentility" leaves the impression that the storm was little more than an inconvenience.	The damage reported focused on a select few who owned irreplaceable historic homes on the Battery.	1
That idea may have backfired.	Paribas is Allianz's main French bank, and it intends to stay neutral.	1
But the court jester appears to be Japan's smallest car maker, Daihatsu Motor Co.	One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker, which seats just one person in front and could hold a small child and bag of groceries in the rear.	1
its plan would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when the free-trade goals would be achieved.	that its plan would ease the transition to freer agriculture trade by converting certain non-tariff barriers into tariffs that, together with existing tariffs, then would be phased out over 10 years.	0
and for that reason, the president may back down from launching a test case this year.	Some senior advisers argue that with further fights over a capital-gains tax cut and a budget-reduction bill looming, Mr. Bush already has enough pending confrontations with Congress.	1
In the Bell Labs experiments, an MRI-type of machine, synchronized with the heartbeat via an electrocardiogram, rapidly flashes a magnetic field on and off as blood passes a certain point in a vessel.	The rapidly flashing return signals from excited hydrogen atoms in the blood give a "stop-motion" movie of the blood-filled vessel, (like the "stop-motion" seen in disco dancers when a strobe light is flashing).	1
ABC's hurdle was even higher this year with two teams from the same area.	The Series got off to a lukewarm start Oct. 14 with a 16.2% rating.	1
Mr. Baker may want to avoid criticism from Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell, but as Secretary of State his audience is the entire Free World, not just Congress.	In any case, he's likely to find that the more he muzzles his colleagues, the more leaks will pop up all around Washington.	0
The view of some others in Big Oil is very much {similar to} Amoco's outlook.	Just this week Mobil Corp. disclosed new cutbacks in its domestic exploration and production operations.	0
Seeing new office buildings sprout up and its sales soar, Daikin is building another plant, which will lift its production capacity 50%.	The expansion is aimed not just at meeting demand but also at expanding the company's market share to 30% from 27% currently.	0
Scientists felt differently.	In 1807, the Swiss mathematician who headed the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey made an "iron meter" that he had brought from Europe the standard of measure..By the end of the century scientists had embraced the system.	0
Private dressmaking, for example, is allowed in 10 Soviet republics but banned by five.	shoemaking is allowed in seven but illegal in nine.	0
The surprising discovery of the evening at Fisher was the high standard achieved by some of his now-obscure colleagues, notably Raimondo Boucheron.	His melodious "Confutatis" was smoothly sung by bass Brian Matthews.	0
Like just about everything else, that remains to be seen.	Aftershocks could intervene.	1
According to U.S. sources in Beijing, the administration hopes Mr. Deng's fairly conciliatory comments will prod Congress to be cautious about further sanctions against Beijing.	The president doesn't want to have legislative sanctions," says a U.S. official.	0
The bank reported net income of C$389 million for the nine months ended July 31.	The bank said the increase in loan-loss provisions won't affect the payment of dividends.	0
Although the June 4 killings in Beijing have hurt its China flights, Cathay's other routes have retained high load factors.	Mr. Eddington regards promoting Hong Kong as an important part of attracting visitors from Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, where the number of people looking to travel abroad has surged.	1
Scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal into silver, while low prices are discouraging exports from India and the Soviet Union.	Silver prices could also be boosted by strikes in leading producing nations Peru and Mexico.	0
Gold mining stocks traded on the American Stock Exchange also showed strength.	Echo Bay Mines rose 5/8 to 15 7/8.	0
The president's request didn't indicate how Mr. Cheney would shift the money.	A Pentagon official said the request was made to give the department "maximum flexibility" to deal with the cuts.	0
Stock prices slumped in sluggish trading.	Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 135.9 million shares.	0
But if the A's hadn't won in four, they would have prevailed in five, or six, or seven.	The best team won this Series.	0
that dropping the wrong name labels the dropper as a fake and a fraud.	Get caught and you're dead in the water.	0
At one point, he asked a worker whether he thought East Germans were fleeing the country because of restrictive travel policies.	The worker's tart reply: "It's more than just travel.	0
But lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time once their cases reach a judge.	protections afforded government agencies in such cases are pretty ironclad.	1
Santa Fe International Corp is stepping up development of a well off Texas' Matagorda Island where it found gas in 1987.	We could have sat on it longer, but the impetus is to get the gas to the marketplace.	1
that it recently took the unusual step of urging Japanese auto companies to exercise caution in capital spending.	MITI officials hope to avoid yet-another source of trade friction with the U.S.	1
It looks like a holiday.	a lot of people got scared and stayed home.	1
Trading in futures and options can add to volatility.	Investors believe they can can rely on such derivative securities to get in and out of the stock market without actually selling any stocks.	1
Ciba-Geigy is a major pharmaceutical concern based in Basel, Switzerland..Chiron, another pharmaceutical concern, is based in Emeryville, Calif.	Connaught is a biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concern.	0
In an unrelated program in which the Labor Department does estimate output per employee for more than two-thirds of federal civilian employees, it found an average annual rate of productivity improvement of 1.7% during the 1980s.	Even if it is assumed that productivity rose no more than half as quickly in the rest of the nonbusiness sector, this Labor Department estimate indicates a downward bias in the real GNP estimates of 0.2 percentage point a year, on average.	1
Given such attitudes, some corporate masseurs prefer to go about their business quietly.	Russell Borner of Park Ridge, N.J., says he has been working for the past year at a huge chemical and manufacturing concern in New York -- unbeknownst to the company's executives.	0
and McCaw lost 1/4 to 41.	McCaw said it has secured commitments from three banks to help finance its $125-a-share bid for 22 million of Lin's shares.	0
Because of a lack of information and access, many investors -- including the very ones whose buying power could restore stability and damp volatility -- are forced to stand on the sidelines when they are most needed, because of their ignorance of important market information.	To add aftershock-damping power to America's markets, a modern, electronic trading system should be implemented that permits equal access to the trading arena (and the information that would automatically accompany such access) by investors -- particularly institutional investors.	1
not to prop up the Dow Jones or New York Stock Exchange averages at a particular level.	The Fed should guard against systemic risk, but not against the risks inherent in individual stocks.	0
that Colgate's domestic business, apart from its highly profitable Hill's Pet Products unit, has lagged.	We've done a lot to improve {U.S.} results.	0
Mr. Hoelzer didn't return phone calls seeking comment on the judge's decision.	The judge ordered that a hearing be held Nov. 17 to determine how much the city should pay Mr. Hoelzer for his services.	0
both Messrs..Eward and Whittington had planned to leave the bank earlier, but Mr. Craven had persuaded them to remain until the bank was in a healthy position.	If there's any coincidence about the departures it's that they are leaving at a time when the business is in reasonably good shape and going forward very well.	1
As the two sides plan to hold a full-scale summit in late spring-early summer next year, they found it useful, I would say even necessary, to hold an interim informal meeting.	Although no specific agreements are expected that doesn't mean they will be without an agenda.	1
The broadcasters were, after all, documenting the game, ratifying its occurrence for millions outside the Stick.	Why not watch or hear your experience historicized while you were living it.	1
this all goes to show that even the smartest money manager can get infected with crowd passions.	In trying to raid USAir, Mr. Steinhardt abandoned his usual role as a passive investor, and ran into snags.	0
Two of the 757-200s are new aircraft to be delivered to American Trans Air, the main subsidiary of Amtran Inc., in December 1991 and January 1992.	Four of the planes were purchased by International Lease from Singapore Airlines in a previously announced transaction.	0
as a software failure before opening on Manic Monday prevented trading for two days.	For 48 hours, no one had any idea precisely how much his securities were worth.	1
Thus Lloyd's can't react quickly to competition.	Lloyd's has lost control of the situation.	1
Those two groups have recently been leading the list of stocks setting new highs.	On Friday, when only a dozen common stocks hit 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange, five were gold-mining issues, and another four were utilities.	0
Sometimes, the ads attempt to raise money.	always, they try to boost good will.	0
The budget was only $400,000.	Athens with Spartan means.	0
Researchers in Edinburgh, Scotland, have found that in 23 of 38 breast tumors, one copy of chromosome 17 was mutated at the spot where gene p53 lies.	that since breast cancer often strikes multiple members of certain families, the gene, when inherited in a damaged form, may predispose women to the cancer.	1
The agency has concluded that contamination may be widespread throughout the mushroom-processing industry in China.	The agency won't allow mushrooms that were canned or packed in brine at any Chinese plant to enter the U.S. until "satisfactory sanitation-control measures are implemented in China to prevent" bacterial contamination.	1
The release of several economic reports had little impact on the market, including a report that the U.S. trade deficit expanded to a surprisingly wide $10.77 billion in August, up from a revised $8.24 billion in July.	The August gap was expected to have expanded to $9.1 billion.	0
The Fed is responsive to, and cannot help being responsive to, the more overtly political part of the government.	The Fed exercises a power given to it by Congress and the president.	1
He also launched a kingside storm, sacrificing a pawn to denude D.T.'s king.	No amount of weasling could have saved this game for D.T.	1
The preliminary conclusion from a survey of 200 downtown high-rises is that "we were incredibly lucky.	While many of these buildings sustained heavy damage, little of that involved major structural damage.	1
The plant employs between 800 and 900 on three shifts.	The number working at the time of the blast wasn't known.	0
But the last thing you want to do is manipulate the subconscious to make them think better.	What you then do is you make them think inappropriately.	1
Unfortunately, all those estimates came before airline industry fundamentals deteriorated during the past month.	American Airlines parent AMR and USAir Group, both subject to takeover efforts themselves, have each warned of declining results.	0
Next year "looks dismal.	Noting that Cray doesn't have a low-end supercomputer to compete with the likes of Convex Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. such a machine would be necessary "to get things back on line here.	1
Her success, which included alleviating an urban food shortage in the early 1980s, helped persuade Hanoi to take the reform path.	Her story is becoming part of local folklore.	0
Being held well below capacity greatly irritates them, and has led to widespread cheating.	OPEC has repeatedly raised its self-imposed production ceiling to legitimize some of that unauthorized output.	1
In August, for example, it completed the $110 million acquisition of Reliance Universal Inc., a U.S. maker of industrial coatings for wood, metals and plastics, from Tyler Corp.	Akzo is likely to see strong profit growth from coatings as it realizes cost savings and other benefits from its greater scale.	1
Spokesmen for Wendy's and McDonald's criticized Mr. Rohs's calculations.	the company doesn't compute, much less disclose, inflation-adjusted, same-store sales.	1
Marketers themselves are partly to blame.	They've increased spending for coupons and other short-term promotions at the expense of image-building advertising.	1
Not unexpectedly, wives, whether working or non-working, did by far the most -- about 80% of the shopping, laundry and cooking, and about two-thirds of housecleaning, washing dishes, child care and family paper work.	Only for yardwork and home maintenance did women do less than half.	0
The talk of a sales tax rise follows a rebuff from Congress on the question of how much the federal government is willing to spend to aid in California's earthquake relief efforts.	The state had sought as much as $4.1 billion in relief.	0
In a country where elbow room is scarce, laptop machines will take a large portion of the industry's future growth.	Toshiba Corp. busted open that sector this summer with a notebook-sized machine that retails for less than 200,000 yen.	1
It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights about the most basic workings of cancer.	this basic research will begin showing results there soon.	0
I'm not here to make money by reselling the team later on.	they can't be in the future.	1
Any hotel-casino without a strong identity will get whacked by the new competition.	If you don't know what you are, bigger won't make you better But it'll sure make you poorer.	1
Meanwhile, another hospital's proposal for a new-generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate-of-need law.	Humana, which wants to acquire one of the new machines itself, is on the record as opposed to the proposal.	0
In Laos, when the Western powers bowed to pressure for such a coalition it turned out they were opening the door to communist domination.	Even Mao Tse-tung's China began in 1949 with a partnership between the communists and a number of smaller, non-communist parties.	0
the Jacobson specialists made no predictions about how trading might go today.	It all starts all over again" today.	1
but picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it for you was a bad call.	Wright's organic architecture demonstrated a keen sensitivity to the environment decades before it became fashionable among "la-la activists.	1
The press has been doing an excellent job.	They are telling people what roads are closed and just keeping the public informed has helped to keep the panic down.	1
Measured the same way, the decline for black males was 14.2%.	The drop in mortality rates for women was less steep -- 8.9% for blacks and 5.3% for whites.	0
Most rivals "have a working relationship with NEC, often through cross-licensing of technology.	They hesitate to market NEC-compatible machines.	1
Those enterprises, however, are not going to be privatized.	They are officially considered "strategic," and their privatization is prohibited by the Mexican Constitution.	1
With the futures locked into a trading halt Oct. 13 and trading in some individual stock difficult, program traders would have undoubtedly fled to the basket system.	If we had the baskets, we would be leaving in caskets.	1
the Jacobson specialists made no predictions about how trading might go today.	It all starts all over again" today.	1
The first signs were economic.	Despite heavily subsidized consumer industries, East Germans have for years watched the West pull farther out ahead.	0
Consumers Power Co., now the main unit of CMS Energy, ran into financial problems over its $4.2 billion Midland nuclear plant.	CMS is nearly done converting the Midland plant to a gas-fired cogeneration facility at a cost of $600 million.	0
Barry felt very committed.	He felt we should be giving something back.	0
Several components that track the health of the manufacturing sector of the economy turned down in September.	These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods, lead times on vendor deliveries, orders for new plant and equipment, and backlogs of orders for durable goods.	0
In December, the shuttle Columbia will try to retrieve a satellite that's been in orbit for nearly five years measuring the deleterious effects of space on materials and instruments.	Next March, the shuttle Discovery will launch the Hubble space telescope, a $1.5 billion instrument designed to see the faintest galaxies in the universe.	0
Foreign auto makers are taking the Tokyo Motor Show more seriously than ever.	AB Volvo invites passers-by to play "the role of the test dummy" by hopping in a car that simulates a crash to show just how its seat-belt tightener works.	0
Continental Air replaced its top executive for the sixth time in as many years.	Chairman and Chief Executive Joseph Corr was succeeded by Frank Lorenzo, chief of parent Texas Air.	0
and the issue forced a confrontation between the Appropriations Committee leadership and Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta, whose California district was at the center of the earthquake last week.	Going to the well of the chamber, Mr. Panetta demanded the costs be fully counted.	0
From what we and the nation have been reading, the money isn't being spent very well.	The single most important contribution the government could make now to help the poor is to get the specter of drugs out of their neighborhoods.	0
Mr. Laband should beware, since he lives in South Carolina.	In a free market, his insurance rates can be raised to recover insurance-company losses.	1
that Sandy Alderson, the team's general manager, felt obliged to dampen it.	People change, teams change," he cautioned.	1
The zero-coupon subordinated notes have no periodic interest payments.	Each note is being offered at $308.32 per $1,000 principal amount at maturity, representing an 8% yield to maturity.	0
Ad industry executives weren't surprised by Mr. Roman's decision to leave Ogilvy.	The agency, under his direction, bitterly fought a takeover attempt by WPP Group PLC of London before succumbing in May.	1
Inco shares fell after the announcements.	some investors were disappointed that the cash-rich company had failed to announce a special dividend.	1
Perhaps most important, Mr. Noriega's allies have intervened to encourage -- in some cases, to demand -- that the dictator maintain his grip of the throne.	One Colombian drug boss, upon hearing in 1987 that Gen. Noriega was negotiating with the U.S. to abandon his command for a comfortable exile, sent him a hand-sized mahogany coffin engraved with his name.	0
its plans for Jaguar would be more valuable in the long run than the initial windfalls investors might reap from a hostile Ford bid.	Our intensive discussions with Jaguar, at their invitation have as their objectives to create a cooperative business relationship with Jaguar that would provide for the continued independence of this great British car company, to ensure a secure future for its employees and to provide an attractive long-term return for its shareholders.	1
Criticism of the Abbie Hoffman segment is particularly scathing among people who knew and loved the man.	That includes his companion of 15 years, Johanna Lawrenson, as well as his former wife, Anita.	0
Other Western Union securities were also lower.	The company's 7.90% sinking fund debentures were quoted at a bid price of 14 1/4 and an offered price of 30, while the 10 3/4% subordinated debentures of 1997 were being bid for at 28 and offered at around 34 3/4..The 10 3/4% debentures last traded at 35.	0
As stocks and stock-index futures fell, a trading limit was hit in the S&P 500 stock futures pit.	Under a post-1987 crash reform, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange wouldn't permit the December S&P futures to fall further than 12 points for a half hour.	1
More than ever, his pro-consumer and pro-environment record is in sync with the state.	Auto insurance rates are soaring.	1
FOR YEARS, costume jewelry makers fought a losing battle.	Jewelry displays in department stores were often cluttered and uninspired.	0
it suspended train service into its Oakland station.	it terminated some runs in Sacramento, relying on buses to ferry passengers to the Bay area.	0
Traffic is certainly a concern, as is pollution, water and an adequate labor market.	City fathers have managed to push through projects that are crucial for tourist growth, such as the expansion of McCarran International Airport to accommodate the 44% of Las Vegas tourists who fly here.	0
But with its stake in Jaguar, which it raised yesterday to 11.95%, Ford could convene a special Jaguar shareholders' meeting and urge holders to vote to drop the restriction sooner.	A successful vote would put pressure on the British government to lift the restriction.	1
but both are better than the current system.	A budget that reflected the real costs of lending would eliminate incentives to convert spending or lending programs to guarantees and would let taxpayers know what Congress is committing them to.	1
the board still hasn't acted on most of the internal report's recommendations, pending restatement of the balance sheet.	that he expects to make a recommendation within a few weeks on whether MiniScribe should file its own lawsuits against former company officers and directors.	0
and realized what had happened.	What should I do.	1
The general public may not know his name, but he's famous -- make that infamous -- in advertising circles.	A marketing consultant, he pioneered slashing ad agency commissions, to the delight of advertising clients and the dismay of agencies.	1
Let me immediately put limits to whatever nostalgic notions that may intimate.	Those "people" to whom I refer are not some heroic, indecipherable quantity.	0
to require large traders to report transactions on a systematic basis.	That information is critical to reconstructing sharp market moves, such as the one nearly two weeks ago.	1
For the past two years, the foreign trade sector has been a major contributor to economic growth.	You can't rely now solely on consumer spending to sustain the economy on a solid growth path.	1
Insisting that they are protected by the Voting Rights Act, a group of whites brought a federal suit in 1987 to demand that the city abandon at-large voting for the nine member City Council and create nine electoral districts, including four safe white districts.	The white group argued that whites were not fully and fairly represented, because in city-wide elections only black candidates or white candidates who catered to "black interests" could win.	0
At a news conference last May announcing plans for the auction, Sotheby's estimated its value in excess of $100 million.	More recently, Sotheby's has predicted the collection will fetch $140 million.	0
In this respect, it would be helpful if our political leaders were mute, rather than eloquently "concerned.	They are inevitably inclined to echo the conventional pap.	1
The Japanese also are accused of keeping their cards too close to their vests.	Some Japanese executives are not yet . . . comfortable about sharing strategic information with their American colleagues.	0
The Redmond, Wash. company, a bellwether provider of operating systems and software for personal-computer makers and users, reported net income for the quarter ended Sept. 30 of $49.6 million, or 87 cents a share, up from $36.6 million, or 65 cents a share, in the year-ago period.	Revenue rose to $235.2 million, from $176.4 million.	0
Chase tried to sell its interest, along with the Atlas estate's interest, shortly after the October 1987 stock market crash.	the bank decided to exercise its option after bids fell short of expectations.	1
Profits improved across Hess's businesses.	Refining and marketing earnings climbed to $33.3 million from $12.9 million, and exploration and production earnings rose to $37.1 million from $17.9 million.	0
Inmac recently disclosed a $12.3 million write-off related to a corporate restructuring that resulted in the company's posting a $6.4 million net loss for the year ended July 29.	Sales rose 12% to $249.5 million from $222.8 million.	0
The small, wiry Mr. Morishita comes across as an outspoken man of the world.	Stretching his arms in his silky white shirt and squeaking his black shoes, he lectures a visitor about the way to sell American real estate and boasts about his friendship with Margaret Thatcher's son.	0
If they do good credit analysis, they will avoid the hand grenades.	the market is in good shape.	1
Apparently, however, the improvement came too late.	Last fall, Ford announced it would discontinue the XR4Ti in the U.S. at the end of the 1989 model year.	1
Immediately return the government surpluses to the economy through incentive-maximizing tax cuts, and find some monetary policy target that balances both supply and demand for money.	This was the version of supply-side economics that, in the late 1970s and early '80s, worked in America and world-wide to solve a far more serious stagflation than afflicts Britain today.	1
Competition among underwriters and brokers makes them loath to centralize price and policy information.	Both groups cling to traditional face-to-face dealings, even for routine policies.	1
Good for nothing.	Parts are a tragedy.	0
Along the way, Mr. Tharp omitted a total of $1.5 million from his receipts reported on federal tax returns for three years.	The returns landed in the hands of an Internal Revenue Service criminal investigator, Samuel James Baker.	0
that American children, on the whole, are among the most undisciplined in the world, making any attempt at improvements in the mode of education potentially unsuccessful.	Unless parents and educators alike start to develop more discipline in children, all the worthy concern, discussions and actions will not solve the problem.	1
Mr. Boies, the first lawyer to use Mr. Vinson's services, cautions against courts' allowing extensive jury questioning (known as voir dire) or giving out personal information about the jurors.	The more extensive the voir dire, the easier you make it for that kind of research to be effective.	1
Some 64% of items offered at the Guterman auction were sold, at an average price of $343,333.	The rest were withdrawn for lack of acceptable bids.	0
While tens of thousands of software packages using the IBM standard are available in the U.S., they say only about 8,000 are written for NEC.	A year ago, Japan's Fair Trade Commission warned NEC about possible violations of anti-monopoly laws for discouraging retailers from discounting.	0
For, just as Mr. Giuliani latches on to an issue that has Mr. Dinkins reeling, his campaign desperately needs cash to keep Mr. Ailes's commercials on the air beyond Wednesday or Thursday.	To help out this week, the White House is dispatching chief of staff John Sununu and three Cabinet members -- HUD's Jack Kemp, Transportation's Samuel Skinner and Treasury's Nicholas Brady, according to Peter Powers, the Giuliani campaign manager.	1
But in another sense, the $846 million purchase is uncharacteristically nervy.	The usually cautious giant will become the majority owner of the company that owns New York's beloved Rockefeller Center at a time when tensions over Japanese purchases of U.S. property are at an all-time high.	1
As a general rule, prior-review programs have not made case-by-case assessments of the comparative costs of alternative treatments or sites of care.	that utilization management should have more of an impact as federal research on the effectiveness of medical treatments helps lead to medical practice guidelines.	0
The Financial Times 100-share index finished 10.6 points higher at 2189.7.	The 30-share index closed 11.6 points higher at 1772.6.	0
FEMA is already strapped by the costs of cleaning up after Hurricane Hugo.	It is likely to get as much as $800 million initially in additional funds.	0
The two executives could hardly be more different.	Mr. Roman comes across as a low-key executive; Mr. Phillips has a flashier personality.	1
Also, most of the telecommunications equipment was out.	The traders were executing municipal bond, mutual fund and other orders through a sister firm, Tucker Anthony Inc.	1
earnings growth is beginning to play a greater part in investors' buying decisions.	On Friday, Hambrecht & Quist added St. Jude Medical to the list of 20 stocks it strongly recommends.	1
But the effort became snagged on the question of what would become of other issues.	Many members feel there are important features of the House bill that should be enacted.	1
You certainly can say it's going to be extremely severe.	We really are talking about shutting down a major American city for a number of days, maybe for a few weeks.	1
and turns over the rule of the city to the puritanical Angelo.	When Angelo hears that the young man Claudio has made his fiancee pregnant before he could marry her, Angelo summarily condemns Claudio to death.	0
he isn't scouting new acquisitions, at least for now.	We would have to go outside to banks to get the money and I am not ready to do that.	1
This unification was to be brought about through policies and institutions that would unite workers and employers with government in a fully integrated and "harmonic" society.	The key to the creation of the "organic" state lay in the formation of "natural" groups that would undertake the role of decision-making.	0
that "we couldn't get a signal out of San Francisco.	We were out of the box.	1
As Conservatives rally around Mrs. Thatcher during the crisis, many harbor hopes last week's debacle will prompt change.	We won't have any more of this wayward behavior," says Sir Peter Hordern, a backbench Tory member of Parliament.	0
The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company and somebody says, "Aw heck, guys, nobody can do it like Japan or South Korea," I wish you would butt in and say, "Hold it, fellas, why don't we compare prices and use our own little Third World country.	We would even save on freight.	0
But drivers in the U.S. must wait.	The Japanese, for now, are keeping active suspension for domestic use only.	1
the judge didn't adequately consider whether the delay would actually hurt the chances of a fair trial.	Mr. Koskotas is fighting extradition proceedings that would return him to Greece, where he is charged with embezzling more than $250 million from the Bank of Crete.	0
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits.	From the Mexicans' viewpoint, vaunted tactics of methodical Japanese managers don't count for much in a land where a saying says "there are no fixed rules.	0
net rose to $49.9 million, or 44 cents a share, from $37.1 million, or 32 cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales declined 3% to $524.5 million from $539.4 million.	0
The principles would give the Environmental Protection Agency increased authority and flexibility in regulating pesticides, with the aim of enabling the agency to move more quickly.	There already are proposals pending in Congress to overhaul pesticide law.	0
The traders were executing municipal bond, mutual fund and other orders through a sister firm, Tucker Anthony Inc.	We are having a regular day.	1
The filing, made yesterday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court here, follows an agreement by L.J. Hooker Corp., Merksamer's owner, to sell the chain to management for an undisclosed price.	GE Capital Corp., a financial services subsidiary of General Electric Co., is providing Merksamer management with $15 million in financing.	0
In a public opinion poll published in the October issue of Parents Magazine, a third of those queried said they believe that ghosts or spirits make themselves known to people.	The movies, the books, the tabloids -- even Nancy Reagan is boosting this stuff.	1
The heat energy plus the energy consumed by the breakup of the water molecules added to far more energy coming out of the apparatus than electrical energy going in.	Because they also detected tritium and indications of nuclear radiation, they asserted that the "excess" heat energy must be coming from energy released by the nuclear fusion of deuterium atoms inside the palladium rod.	1
that the Japanese apparently pulled back from the market on Friday.	a possibility of the December contract dropping to $1.05 a pound.	0
He did it very well.	He started building the files that helped him gain power.	1
In the British case, Mr. Lawson is the closest thing in London to a supply-side globalist.	He not only slashed marginal tax rates, initially sparking fresh growth in Britain, but he wanted to regulate monetary policy by targeting exchange rates, indeed joining the European Monetary System.	1
It also provides teachers with a superior self-definition as a "profession," since they will have passed courses in educational psychology and educational philosophy.	I myself took such courses in college, thinking I might end up a schoolteacher.	0
It was quite a shock.	For the first time in my life, I wasn't sure whether I was listening to our news or West German television.	1
and will take measures so this kind of thing doesn't happen in the future.	It's contrary to common sense.	1
What about those institutions that are supposed to be the bedrock of society, the banks and the bar association. . . ?.	If only a banker or a lawyer had spoken out years ago, the judicial process wouldn't be under the taint it is today.	1
And by substituting yet another landscape architect, Nicholas Quennell, he insists he can achieve that and other accommodations to gardening reality while still preserving the "artistic vision" of a "truly great artist.	After four years of no progress in this direction, it is doubtful any viable collaboration with Ms. Bartlett will suddenly now be possible.	0
Share prices also closed lower in Sydney, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taipei, Manila, Wellington and Seoul.	Concern about declines in other markets, especially New York, caused selling pressure.	1
he is cutting his earnings estimate for next year to $2 a share from $3.	I was feeling like I was too high to begin with.	1
The benchmark 30-year bond was nearly 1/4 point higher, or up about $2.50 for each $1,000 face amount.	New two-year notes ended unchanged while three-year and four-year notes were slightly lower.	0
It has gotten a bad rep because its once heavily polluted Cuyahoga River caught fire, because former Mayor Ralph Perk set his hair on fire with an acetylene torch and because its proposed Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame was recently refused an urban-development grant.	Some people call it "The Mistake on the Lake" -- Lake Erie, that is.	0
Now, after only a dozen moves, spectators were looking for a mating combination.	On a demonstration board, emcee Shelby Lyman showed a quick kill initiated by a knight sacrifice.	0
but Whitbread Class A shares rose 17 to 363.	there was late talk of a Whitbread sale of brewing operations to Scottish & Newcastle.	1
Maybe Akzo can surprise the investment world a bit.	Akzo is likely to be one of the few major chemical companies to show profit growth next year.	1
Yet the rowing machine hasn't been touched since.	but it left grease marks on his carpet, "and it was boring.	1
and immediately spotted trouble.	Already entered in the Big Board's computers and transmitted to their post were sell orders for 65,000 UAL shares.	1
That was the message delivered by government and private security experts at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage.	Hostile and even friendly nations routinely steal information from U.S. companies and share it with their own companies.	0
the Golden Gate Bridge to be swamped with an extra load of commuters, including East Bay residents making a long detour.	quite a traffic crunch.	0
Refcorp is the financing unit of Resolution Trust Corp., a new government agency created to rescue the nation's troubled thrifts.	Its securities have been dubbed "bailout bonds" by traders.	1
The next time you hear a Member of Congress moan about the deficit, consider what Congress did Friday.	The Senate, 84-6, voted to increase to $124,000 the ceiling on insured mortgages from the FHA, which lost $4.2 billion in loan defaults last year.	0
And as of midyear, settled but unpaid claims amounted to $136 million -- more than half the trust's total of $268 million in cash and marketable securities.	At some point, we're going to need an infusion of funds.	1
Slick graphics, pre-tested for effectiveness, also play a major role in Litigation Sciences' operation.	that people absorb information better and remember it longer if they receive it visually.	1
Litigation consulting isn't a guarantee of a favorable outcome.	that in one in 20 cases it was flatout wrong in its predictions.	1
The Asahi Shimbun, a Japanese daily, last month reported that Aichi revised its tax calculations after being challenged for allegedly failing to report all of its income to tax authorities over a two-year period.	The Tokyo Regional Taxation Office declines to comment.	0
The crime goes to character.	It's serious stuff.	1
The coupon was raised to induce some of the big players on the fence to come in.	We put a price on the deal that the market required to get it done.	0
that Nissan is being prudent in following its slow-startup strategy instead of simply copying Lexus.	Infiniti is Nissan's big business move for the 21st century.	1
Elsewhere in Europe, share prices closed higher in Stockholm, Brussels and Milan.	Prices were lower in Frankfurt, Zurich, Paris and Amsterdam.	0
Sometime next year, Control Data will "develop a new bank relationship," Mr. Perlman said.	In recent months a group of lenders, led by Bank of America, has extended Control Data up to $90 million in revolving loans through January, as well as $115 million in standby letters of credit.	0
The entry fee is affordable.	Issues typically are sold in minimum denominations of $1,000.	0
Moreover, in the relatively unregulated Indian stock markets, investors frequently don't know what they are getting when they subscribe to an issue.	A prospectus in India doesn't always tell a potential investor much.	1
Clearly, people like Mrs. Lombardi are giving marketers fits.	She represents a new breed of savvy consumer who puts bargain prices, nutritional and environmental concerns, and other priorities ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty.	1
He withdrew the remark.	When he later sided with striking hospital workers, some allies cringed a little more, concerned that Mr. Dinkins was setting the wrong tone for coming contract negotiations with city employees.	0
The Dedham, Mass., couple knew even before Bonnie became pregnant in 1987 that any child of theirs had a 50% chance of being at risk for retinoblastoma.	he carried a damaged gene, having lost an eye to the rare tumor when he was only two months old.	1
Moscow claims this is all needed to protect the Kabul regime against the guerrilla resistance.	It is well-known that the regular Afghan infantry is filled with reluctant conscripts.	1
What Mr. Major and Mrs. Thatcher will do now remains to be seen.	They confront stubborn inflation and a sagging economy, that is to say, stagflation.	1
Hershey Foods Corp. strives for fairness by basing increases on quarterly reviews, annual appraisals and meetings with workers.	At Chemfix Technology Inc., each supervisor's recommendation must be approved by the next boss up the line, and then sanctioned by a salary review committee.	0
General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division said it is offering $750 cash incentives on all 1990 models of its full-size Blazer and Suburban truck lines.	Chevrolet already has cash incentives on the 1989 models of these vehicles.	0
But Richard Anderson, head of the Forum for College Financing Alternatives, at Columbia University, a research group partly financed by the federal government, says zeros are particularly ill-suited.	Their price falls further than that of other bonds when inflation and interest rates kick up.	1
The board could eventually come under some pressure to sell the company because its members can be ousted by a majority shareholder vote.	The labor-management buy-out group plans to keep its offer on the table in an apparent attempt to maintain its bargaining position with the board.	0
Last spring, the comptroller's office called a halt to Mr. Paul's fling, giving him six months to sell the paintings.	The acquisitions were "unsafe, unsound and unauthorized.	1
Notably, one of Mr. Krenz's few official visits overseas came a few months ago, when he visited China after the massacre in Beijing.	He later defended the Chinese government's response during a separate visit to West Germany.	0
This is one thing I was never aware of.	He assumed that principal and interest were "fully insured up to $100,000.	0
Mr. Krenz almost certainly will be a younger version of Erich Honecker, his rigid predecessor as dictator.	Mr. Krenz has followed much the same career path as Mr. Honecker.	1
not everyone will suffer.	The losers will be those with the least attractive products.	0
that Mr. Petrie or his company have been accumulating Deb Shops stock for several years, each time issuing a similar regulatory statement.	no discussions currently are taking place between the two companies.	0
Terminals at San Francisco International also were damaged.	Tuesday night, thousands were diverted to other airports and had to wait a day to resume travel.	1
that investors' concerns about the city's financial health are "unwarranted given our proven ability to manage ourselves.	He charges the city's critics with spreading "unfounded emotional rhetoric.	1
But wait a second.	Westridge Capital is an index fund -- the type of stolid long-term investor whose goal is to be nothing more than average.	1
One concerns Japanese investors.	Barely visible on Hong Kong's property scene in 1985, by last year Japan had become the top foreign investor, spending $602 million.	0
It also bars future suits against Robins company officials, members of the Robins family and Robins's former insurer, Aetna Life & Casualty Co.	The latter provision is "legally unprecedented.	0
The secret to being a good adjuster is counting.	You have to count everything.	1
The merger should also allow the companies to reduce costs by combining operations in many locations in Puerto Rico.	They're often right across the street from one another.	0
The government is funding several projects to push PC use.	Over the next three years, public schools will get 1.5 million PCs, a 15-fold increase from current levels.	1
If they do good credit analysis, they will avoid the hand grenades.	the market is in good shape.	1
For example, while the laws on individual labor activity allow a citizen to earn a living independent of the state, strict provisions are attached on how far this may lead to the development of a free market.	Before becoming self-employed, or setting up a cooperative, workers must seek permission from the local soviet (council.	0
The czars were no civil libertarians.	As late as the 1890s, the Russian government prevented any coverage of famines.	0
Many of the branches are very lucrative.	That's just nonsense.	1
scholars question the authenticity of the Rubens.	It may have been painted instead by a Rubens associate.	1
Transportation Secretary Sam Skinner now says the bill would further disturb the jittery capital markets.	Texas Rep. Steve Bartlett says the bill is "good politics, but bad law.	0
With Japan's cash-flush banks aligned against it, though, raising money may be difficult.	Not only can they block Wellington from raising money in Japan but as the largest underwriters in the Eurobond market, they might be able to scuttle borrowings there, too.	1
Every time you thought it was going into a rally it gave up, and every time you thought it would rally it came down.	This is a tough market.	0
But investors don't seem to think so.	that cash flows into stock funds were heavier than usual after heavy outflows on the 13th.	1
Meanwhile, settlement negotiations continue between Mr. Hunt and the IRS.	The two sides have been far apart on how much Herbert Hunt will continue to owe the government after his assets are sold.	0
James Morgan's pick for October -- Dynascan -- is a substantial 35% riskier than the market portfolio.	his lauded Thermo Electron pick is 40% riskier.	0
The censorship is enforced through terrorism and assassination.	In the past 10 years about 50 journalists have been silenced forever, murdered.	0
The bottom line is that it's healthy to have this kind of sideways activity, especially after a 30% gain in stock values over the past 12 months.	that after a period of consolidation, the Dow Jones Industrial Average will once again forge new highs.	0
Mr. North remains in heavy demand as a speaker, for fees reported in the $20,000 range.	Even in the wake of Hurricane Hugo 750 people turned out in a remote Virginia town in September for a "family tribute" to Mr. North given by two dozen conservative members of Congress.	0
The holding company will be called BanPonce Corp.	The primary subsidiary will be the combined banking operations of the two companies and will be known as Banco Popular de Puerto Rico.	0
that they intend to increase rewards to shareholders.	We haven't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to," said Edgar Woolard Jr., Du Pont's chairman and chief executive officer, in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April.	1
the ministry didn't in any way suggest to Japanese banks that they stay out of the UAL Corp. leveraged buy-out.	The ministry has never even suggested that Japanese banks be cautious about leveraged buy-outs in general.	0
Jerell paid Ms. Garratt royalties for the line known as Multiples by Sandra Garratt.	Ms. Garratt sued the Dallas apparel maker earlier this year, charging that Jerell developed and marketed clothing lines fashioned after her designs, in violation of their contract.	0
He already has achieved vertical integration on a limited scale.	Quebecor can put a weekly newspaper on almost any Quebec doorstep without using outside help.	1
because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week.	That's leaving small investors with cold feet and prompting institutions to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well.	1
Nuovo Banco's second largest shareholder, the Fiat S.p..A.-controlled investment concern, Gemina S.p..A., fought to have Generali's offer approved.	Gemina, which owns 13.26% of Nuovo Banco, abstained in the final vote on Credit Agricole, which was nonetheless approved by a majority of shareholders.	1
Twelve different clubs have won titles in the 14 seasons since its advent.	The number includes such unstylish burgs as, well, Oakland.	0
Life is particularly nerve-racking for companies that had planned to go public this week.	Hand-holding is becoming an investment-banking job requirement.	1
Psychologists say isolated people who don't discuss their investments with others are particularly at risk for fraud.	Scam artists seek out such people -- or try to make sure that their victims isolate themselves.	1
it agreed to buy Vizeversa, an agency in Barcelona.	Terms weren't disclosed.	0
Bus production also slipped, by 49% from a year earlier to 2,936 units.	bus production has declined since January.	0
They continued to represent that to the board.	We were reassured they would stand behind the company.	1
His theoretical approach and its publication in this venerable paper are no doubt a noteworthy accomplishment for him.	Too bad theory fails in practice.	1
Wedding Song" gives glimpses of a Cairo that has become so much harsher since his youth.	The clutter of the 1940s remains, but its color has drained away, and the will to overcome has been defeated.	0
At that price the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines.	In the price range it's a tremendously high-performing product.	0
Individual Inc. 's technology goes beyond word searches by using a computerized thesaurus.	If a customer asks for stories about "IBM," the computer will also supply stories that mention "I.B.M., International Business Machines, or Big Blue.	1
The deal has so many moving parts.	I don't see anybody who's sophisticated getting his name associated with this mess until the moving parts stop moving.	1
Yet he took little businesslike care with his cattle.	He had no prior experience and didn't seek business counsel about them.	0
With due respect to "highly classified correspondence" and other buzzwords, the leakers are performing a public service.	If the CIA has become a protection service for Mr. Noriega, the American people ought to know.	1
So the administration dropped it.	By October, when the committee rejected a much more modest covert proposal, even the administration was agreeing little should be done.	0
that Mr. Roberts not only chides the Chancellor for being too easy because of a desire to constrain sterling, but also led the chorus saying that Mr. Volcker was too tight when he let the dollar rise.	Somewhere in between there must be a golden mean, perhaps measured by M-Whatever, but perhaps measured by purchasing power parity.	1
but the subsequent takeover frenzy has driven them up.	The stock traded late yesterday on London's stock exchange at 673 pence, up 19 pence.	1
that the purchase price for the paper was too high, causing a strain on Goodson's finances.	Goodson is seeking a new bank credit line of $190 million and may have to sell additional newspapers.	1
Legislation tends to be compromised.	we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court, through Justice and through state and federal regulatory agencies.	1
A long succession of Mexican presidents arbitrarily nationalized whatever industry they took a fancy to, without having to answer to the public.	To guarantee that Mexicana de Aviacion and other companies will really be privatized, Mexico needs a pluri-party political system that will ensure democracy and hence accountability.	1
Storm flooding caused back-ups on the freeway, and many commuters had to find rides to BART's stations, because parking lots were full before dawn.	Bus schedules were sometimes in disarray.	0
But in 1989 most senators have other ideas.	Last July, his committee rejected a Reagan administration plan to support a coup in Panama.	0
President Bush would do himself and the country a favor by rescinding the order as an ambiguous intrusion on his ability to defend America's national security.	There are of course good reasons the U.S. shouldn't get into the assassination business, but rescinding the executive order is not the same thing as saying the U.S. should start passing out exploding cigars.	1
You don't own anything.	You're making a pure bet on the market.	0
the crack about his being a "tool-and-die man" never bothered him.	It was an absolutely marvelous line.	1
It requires that "discharges of pollutants" into the "waters of the United States" be authorized by permits that reflect the effluent limitations developed under section 301.	Whatever may be the problems with this system, it scarcely reflects "zero risk" or "zero discharge.	1
I would like to issue a challenge to corporate America.	The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company and somebody says, "Aw heck, guys, nobody can do it like Japan or South Korea," I wish you would butt in and say, "Hold it, fellas, why don't we compare prices and use our own little Third World country.	0
there are other spots on the globe, and in India, where the seed could be grown.	It's not a crop that can't be doubled or tripled.	0
because NEC is enjoying a monopoly.	There are no price wars, no competition.	1
But after about eight months, the vice president of the division, Ed Soule, learned about the sessions and brought them to a halt.	his only beef was that the massages were being given in a company conference room.	0
Of course, this kind of blatant congressional pork-barreling is called "constituent service" by Members, while the same kind of noncompetitive favoritism at HUD is labeled "influence peddling.	Unlike those awful Republican consultants, Members don't profit directly from HUD projects.	1
Yet at the moment they are the judges who are making the law.	As matters stand, the Salinger ruling, torn from context and broadly construed, is controlling.	1
Some economists expect further declines in investment spending.	Whenever corporate profits are weak that means capital spending is going to soften subsequently.	1
that the 1906 San Francisco destruction, on an inflation-adjusted basis, included insured losses of $5.8 billion.	this week's disaster will generate insured losses of $2 billion to $4 billion, following about $4 billion in costs to insurers from Hurricane Hugo.	0
Intermec, a maker of optical character-recognition devices, also reported higher third-quarter earnings.	Its shares added 3/4 to 30 3/4.	0
it had sold $150 million in advertising time on the network to national advertisers.	several more advertisers have been added.	0
State monopolies will keep on stifling trade, "free" prices or not, until something else replaces them.	Polish agriculture will need a whole private network of procurement, processing and distribution -- plus a new manufacturing industry to supply it with tractors, pesticides, fertilizers and feed.	1
At the time, Mr. Gonzalez said several senators told him that they "could get some roadblocks out of the way if there could be some understanding on Garn's insistence on Wall.	Now Mr. Gonzalez is holding the equivalent of reconfirmation hearings anyway, under the guise of the Lincoln investigation.	0
One San Francisco neighborhood likely to test Mr. Rosen's theory soon is the city's fashionable Marina district.	The district, built on landfill, suffered heavy quake damage, including collapsed buildings.	1
they made him forfeit all credits and financial interest in the films he had helped develop, including "Rainman" and "Batman.	Mr. Peters acknowledges that and says it's not unlike the situation he and Mr. Guber are in with Warner.	0
that a widely watched stock-market service, Quotron, had miscalculated the industrial average.	Mr. Breeden instructed SEC staffers to inform the network that it was airing the wrong number.	1
It's been a spectacular year for the emerging growth stock investor," Mr. Weisberg said.	He predicted that the most popular growth companies will be those with "some kind of unique product or franchise" that makes them appear able to sustain their momentum.	0
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has been in the forefront in supporting the Bush proposal.	It endorsed the White House strategy, believing it to be the surest way to victory.	1
which is lobbying strenuously against the Edwards beeper bill Spiegel also opposes the beeper bill.	Laura Dale, center manager at the catalog company's customer order center in Reno, Nev., defends monitoring.	0
Anxious allies of President Mikhail Gorbachev are cautioning media leaders to take it easy, to be careful not to do anything that could be used by Mr. Gorbachev's opponents.	The government is nervous.	0
Only about a quarter of the respondents said they exercise to lose weight.	Slightly more, like Leslie Sherren, a law librarian in San Francisco who attends dance aerobics five times a week, exercise to relieve stress.	0
These two exposures alone represent a very substantial portion of CS First Boston's equity.	Total merchant banking exposures are in excess of the firm's equity.	0
reported profit will be down in 1987, 1988 and 1989, though he declines to specify how steep the decline will be.	the exchange's downturn in profitability is likely to be aggravated by more than $600 million in aviation losses (including the 1988 Pan Am airline disaster over Lockerbie, Scotland) and a still-uncalculated chunk of claims from September's Hurricane Hugo.	0
The pressure for change will rise with costs.	employers are really going to be the ones to push for major change.	1
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections, thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists.	It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine-tuned.	1
Corporations need liquidity, in the form of borrowed funds.	Without liquidity from the junk-bond market or cash flow from profits, they look to the government.	1
the state procurement division had declared FileNet in default on its contract with the secretary of state uniform commercial code division.	the state has a valid basis of default.	0
with an erosion of the customer base, development capital, and insurability.	Major regional and national chain stores are replaced by mom-and-pop operations offering poorer-quality merchandise at higher prices.	1
Indeed, abortion-rights activists still face their greatest tests.	The pro-choice movement has shown -- finally -- that it can mobilize But it still hasn't shown that it can win in a state like Pennsylvania or Missouri, where abortion has been clearly an electoral issue and where it's been an emotional issue for a long time.	1
Briggs screamed.	he was being set up for a "honey trap.	1
In 1971, the Congress Party won after India's victory in the Bangladesh war.	In 1977, Mrs. Gandhi was thrown out of office after her 19-month emergency rule.	0
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions.	The ever-optimistic Mr. Wathen has learned that while acquiring a big brand-name company can be a shortcut to growth, it can also bring a host of unforeseen problems.	0
Japan's recent political turbulence may mean Japan will slow market adjustments.	They'll be more timorous in tackling their own voters, like opening up more to agricultural imports from America, hurting their farmers.	1
A $137.6 million Maryland Stadium Authority sports facilities lease revenue bond issue appeared to be off to a good start.	The issue was oversubscribed and "doing very well," according to an official with lead underwriter Morgan Stanley.	1
He evades and ducks.	He's had a history of deception and this is the latest chapter.	0
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading, Recognition rose 87.5 cents to $6.625.	Prospect slipped 25 cents to $10.50 in national over-the-counter trading.	0
The TCI investment is a big victory for Viacom's chief executive officer, Frank Biondi, and Winston H. Cox, president of the Showtime unit.	This takes any question of Showtime's viability and puts it away once and for all.	1
Only 10% of the 250 shippers polled expected their freight-transport costs to decrease, compared with 30% who had looked to freight transport to reduce costs in past years.	This is the first year since transportation deregulation in 1980 that we have had such a dramatic and broad-based upturn in perceived transportation rates.	0
Even so, "We're looking for chaos.	If there's any way you can do it, you ought to go to Idaho and go fishing for a while.	1
people don't want to move a leaf pile.	They either pick it up or they start pulling from a fresh direction.	0
Christie's will soon have a sale of Dada and Symbolist art while Sotheby's is luring collectors with sales of Swiss, German, Spanish, Australian and Canadian paintings.	In Brussels, Hotel de Ventes Horta auctioned pistols and sabers-along with paintings and jewels.	0
the number of sudden, unexplained deaths of diabetics he had seen this year was 17 compared with just two in 1985.	At least six of the deaths occurred among relatively young diabetics who had switched from animal to human insulin within the past year.	0
The state bar association's policy making body, the House of Delegate, voted Saturday to ask Chief Judge Sol Wachtler to give the bar's voluntary program three years to prove its effectiveness before considering mandatory pro bono.	We believe our suggested plan is more likely to improve the availability of quality legal service to the poor than is the proposed mandatory pro bono plan and will achieve that objective without the divisiveness, distraction, administrative burdens and possible failure that we fear would accompany an attempt to impose a mandatory plan.	1
Today, Lloyd's share of the world market, excluding life insurance, is about 2%. (Its stake is even smaller if life insurance is included.	Bigger rivals, such as Aetna and Allianz, backed by armies of statisticians using computers in hundreds of branches, operate more efficiently and often can offer lower rates.	1
and stores are expanding shelf space for unconventional, but tastier, and often pricier, apples.	Rather than sell 39-cents-a-pound Delicious, maybe we can sell 79-cents-a-pound Fujis.	1
but not to enable him to directly lobby.	that would require him to disclose his clients by registering as a lobbyist.	1
that clothes ruin the experience.	There's nothing like skin to skin.	1
Analysts expect Conner's earnings to reach roughly $40 million, or $1 to $1.05 a share, on sales of $650 million, for 1989, the company's third full year in business.	That's a faster growth rate than reported by Compaq.	0
The small drop in equity funds in general in the latest week may not necessarily be a good sign.	that what happened last week "may not be enough of an adjustment.	1
In fact, without Wall Street firms trading for their own accounts, the stock-index arbitrage trading opportunities for the big funds may be all the more abundant.	More customers may come to us now.	0
Ramada's stock rose 87.5 cents on the news to close at $11.25 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading.	The announcement dispelled some Wall Street observers' fears that New World might demand a huge premium for the delay, or scrap the deal entirely.	1
Aside from slashing costs and investing heavily in its plants, Akzo has spent 3.9 billion guilders ($1.88 billion) on acquisitions since 1983 to give it better balance.	During the same period, the company has sold about 1.6 billion guilders of assets.	0
sales in the current fiscal year ending next March 31 of 480 billion yen, compared with 460.05 billion yen in fiscal 1989.	it expects full-year net of 16 billion yen, compared with 15 billion yen in the latest year.	0
A senior citizen between 62 and 70 saves 70% off regular coach fare.	Travelers up to age 99 get a percentage discount matching their age.	0
that the ads' implied smoking message is unmistakable.	This is clever, subliminal advertising that really says, `Smokers have rights, too.	0
In the opinion of many, he hasn't stopped running since.	His base in South Jersey and on the House Energy and Commerce Committee helped him sustain a network of political-action committees to preserve his edge.	1
That's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash, when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled.	Market makers, to cut costs, slashed inventories of stocks they keep on hand to sell investors when other holders aren't selling.	0
On top of this, the traveler who converts his dollars into foreign currency before the trip starts will lose interest from the day of conversion.	At the end of the trip, any unspent foreign exchange will have to be converted back into dollars, with another commission due.	0
Instead, the Fed could buy the broad market composites in the futures market.	The increased demand would normalize trading and stabilize prices.	1
it will have problems in the quarter, partly because of a delay in shipping a high-end disk drive and partly because the strong dollar will cut significantly the value of IBM's overseas earnings when translated into dollars.	IBM's fourth-quarter per-share earnings will fall 10% to $3.57 a share from $3.97 a share a year earlier.	1
They lorded it over me.	They did me some good.	0
Merchants discovered a consumer largely ignored by higher-priced furriers: the younger woman -- even in her late 20s -- who never thought she could buy a mink.	The new market helped boost U.S. fur sales to about $1.8 billion a year now, triple the level in the late 1970s.	1
But it may amount to little more than posturing.	the two have continued on-again, off-again settlement talks over the last few weeks, and people familiar with the talks say the matter could be resolved within a week.	1
The cup had been insured, and in short order it was given over to a Chubb & Son representative.	The original owners happily repaid the claim and took their kylix home.	1
Currently only one in 38 South Koreans owns a car, up from one in 200 a decade ago.	In the year 2000 it will be one car per family.	0
In wooing British lawmakers, GM has pointed out that its willingness to settle for a minority stake would keep Jaguar British-owned and independent.	This week, the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members and two House of Lords members to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there.	0
It was the second anniversary of the 1987 crash, but this time it was different.	Stocks rallied on good earnings reports and on data that showed less inflation than expected.	1
and Mr. Bush quickly signaled a veto.	Amid charges of "timidity" on Panama and elsewhere, the president wasn't about to offend his most energetic constituency.	1
But if, as many now fear, Waertsilae Marine joins the ranks of failed shipyards it might turn out to be remembered most as a blemish on Finland's international reputation.	The shipyard's 6.5 billion Finnish markka ($1.54 billion) backlog includes about 20 ships ordered by big international shippers, including three for Carnival Cruise Lines Inc.	1
Consumer stocks once again set the pace for blue-chip issues.	Philip Morris added 1 1/8 to 44 1/2 in Big Board composite trading of 3.7 million shares, Coca-Cola Co. gained 2 3/8 to 70 3/8, Merck gained 1 3/8 to 77 3/8 and American Telephone & Telegraph advanced 7/8 to 43 3/8 on 2.5 million shares.	1
The report showed that September consumer prices rose just 0.2%, a smaller increase than expected.	The market had anticipated a 0.4% rise in the price index.	1
The now-standard price of $1 a share came about by accident.	An early fund had filed a registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission that included a fixed $1 price.	0
Well, mankind can rest easier for now.	Though almost everybody at the playing site had been looking for the 26-year-old Soviet to beat the Pennsylvania-based computer, he gave the machine a far worse drubbing than many expected.	1
Canadian Pacific put its 56% stake in Soo Line up for sale last year but couldn't find any takers.	Canadian Pacific finally took its majority block off the market this spring.	1
Investors expect SunGard Data Systems, a company that provides disaster recovery services for computer-dependent businesses, to profit from the earthquake.	SunGard's stock rose 1 3/4 to 21 1/4 on 194,000 shares.	0
Former President Richard Nixon is to visit China at the invitation of the government beginning Saturday.	According to Mr. Nixon's office, "This is solely a fact-finding trip.	0
A large part of the long-term appreciation of assets reflects inflation, and the taxation of inflation-created capital gains is confiscation.	Does the Journal really believe that people ignore the prospect of having a substantial part of their capital confiscated when they decide whether to save or how to invest.	1
With less capital coming in, China's balance of payments would suffer.	The Western government report's first scenario assumes a 30% reduction in foreign borrowing and a 5% contraction in foreign direct investment.	0
But skeptics ask why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on government-guaranteed paper.	When you buy an asset-backed issue, you take the risk that a bank or an insurer could run into unexpected difficulties.	1
St. Louis-based Emerson and Stuttgart-based Bosch make electrical and electronic products, including power tools.	The Vermont American acquisition is designed to enhance their position in the accessories portion of the power-tool industry.	1
There isn't enough.	Some state middlemen come to buy from me.	0
The equity kicker is not attached to the offering, but underwriters said it will be offered after a filing for 68,548 common shares of CNW Holdings is declared effective by the Securities & Exchange Commission.	The issue is noncallable for five years and has a sinking fund starting in 2000 to retire 50% of the issue before maturity.	0
Toyota's $35,000 Lexus automobile, a luxury model that it started shipping to the U.S. only last month, is racking up orders at a time when U.S.-made luxury-car sales are slow.	Toyota plans to raise Lexus exports when a new plant starts up next year.	1
that he has adorned his office with five photos of George Bush, one of them featuring the First Dog, Millie.	They worry that Mr. Breeden also will roll over when told to do so by the White House.	1
and that the information was passed on quickly to Mr. Orr at his first meeting with company representatives.	Subsequent meetings, initiated after the company and two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts, were held to familiarize Mr. Orr with the company's self-policing procedures and to disclose additional information, according to GE.	0
At first glance, gold and utilities seem strange bedfellows.	After all, gold prices usually soar when inflation is high.	1
Still, there is money to be made.	Most oil companies, when they set exploration and production budgets for this year, forecast revenue of $15 for each barrel of crude produced.	1
blaming other costs.	Labor takes the biggest single chunk out of the `food dollar.	0
If you want more opinions ask my wife.	She has lots of opinions.	1
The chains "used to offer discounts during winter when business was slow, but in the last year or so, discounting has become a 12-month thing.	Though Charisma's sales are up slightly this year, Mr. Harty says profits will be flat or lower.	1
and demanded proof the house and equipment were his.	He produced it.	1
their gloomy forecasts have a flip side.	Some take a warm view of consumer-oriented paper companies, which buy pulp from the commodity producers and should benefit from the expected declines in pulp prices.	0
Indeed, skepticism was amply captured by a joke told by Poles at the conference: "The world must be coming to an end.	The Russians are talking peace The Palestinians are talking elections And the Poles are engaged in commerce.	1
A slowing economy and its effect on corporate earnings is the foremost concern of many traders and analysts.	Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy, profits could remain disappointing.	1
and he was asked to switch to helping run the lab's computers.	He discovered a 75-cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named "Hunter.	0
Two other global liquor giants, Canada's Seagram Co. and Britain's Allied-Lyons PLC, also are possible buyers.	Seagram's gin is the world's No. 2 gin brand, but the company doesn't own any of the major gin brands imported in the U.S.	1
And it's relaxing.	Sometimes, if you have a headache, you can go out and walk it right off.	0
The troupe currently performs in a converted dairy that seats 211 and provides little capacity for staging anything beyond a simple one-set production.	If we wanted to stage `Death of a Salesman Willie Loman would have to live in a ranch house because of the low ceiling.	1
With a leveraged position of about 45%, the fund's share price has plunged 28.5% so far this year.	That's worse than the price drop sustained by the bonds in its portfolio, whose total return (bond-price changes plus interest) has amounted to a negative 6.08%.	0
Take heart, sports fans.	Real heroes exist.	1
The bonds are subject to federal taxation in the U.S., including income taxes.	At the state and local level, the bonds are subject to surtaxes and estate, inheritance and gift taxes, but exempt from taxation as to principal and interest.	0
he didn't fully understand what he was buying.	that he knew he was getting a zero-coupon CD and that he had previously invested in TIGRs (Treasury Income Growth Receipts), a type of zero-coupon Treasury security sold by Merrill Lynch.	0
that Cuba has been deferring shipments in recent years.	To the professionals in the trade it didn't cause much surprise.	1
One major factor was the decline of the dollar against the mark, which began less than a year after Merkur's 1985 launch.	As the West German currency rose, so did Merkur prices.	1
its subsidiary, Home Nutritional Services Inc., registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common.	it will sell 1.8 million of the new shares, while Home Nutritional Services will sell the remaining 2.2 million.	0
Goodyear Tire & Rubber tumbled 2 7/8 to 43 7/8.	Its third-quarter earnings were higher than a year ago, but fell short of expectations.	1
Aluminum Co. of America dropped 1 1/2 to 70 1/4, Phelps Dodge fell 4 to 59 7/8, Asarco lost 1 3/8 to 31 3/4, Reynolds Metals slid 1 3/8 to 50 3/8, Amax dropped 1 1/8 to 21 5/8 and Cyprus Minerals skidded 2 to 26 3/4.	Alcan Aluminium was an exception, as it gained 1 3/8 to 23 on two million shares.	0
Speakers yesterday called on foreign governments to increase sanctions against Pretoria and urged supporters inside the country to continue defying emergency restrictions and racial segregation, known as apartheid.	We cannot wait on the government to make changes at its own pace.	1
and now that team is part in exile, part being rusticated and part missing.	Rebuilding that team will take another 10 years.	1
that health costs add $700 to the price of each of its cars, about $300 to $500 more per car than foreign competitors pay for health.	The cost of health care is eroding standards of living and sapping industrial strength.	1
The number of cattle moving onto feedlots in the recent quarter was also lower because fattening cattle is less profitable.	A shortage of young cattle has made them more expensive for feedlot operators to buy.	1
she didn't want debate in her cabinet.	she wanted strong government.	0
Of the big computer makers, only Apple Computer Co. bases its machines on Motorola chips instead.	The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry.	1
it purposely curbed loan originations in the quarter because of uncertainty over the new capital requirements and regulations that will emerge from negotiations over implementing the government's massive thrift bailout bill.	its real-estate operations earned a record $21.7 million, more than double year-earlier real estate profit of $9 million.	0
But a medical clinic with about 20 employees wrongly listed all of them -- including physicians and receptionists -- as independent contractors.	The IRS assessed the clinic $350,000 in back payroll taxes.	0
Many in Washington say President Bush will have to raise taxes to pay for his war on drugs.	We have a better idea: Dismantle HUD to pay for the war on drugs.	0
that improved results in its financial-services sector were negated by increased costs in its government contract business, lower operating earnings in its commercial-products sector and soft automotive markets.	Net was aided by a lower income tax rate.	0
Mr. Castaneda's office will reportedly issue warrants during the next six months for the arrest of another 10,000 federal employees.	Those employees are suspected of illegally gaining an estimated $376.8 million.	1
Mr Pyszkiewicz smiles and his brow furrows.	He expected as much.	1
But they won't necessarily eat at Denny's.	The fast-food business is "intensely competitive.	1
But they are stalwart socialists.	Their proclaimed purpose is to cleanse East Germany of its Stalinist muck, not to merge with the West.	1
The metaphor of theater is not entirely coincidental.	Mr. Gelbart clearly feels that all the participants in a congressional hearing are performers.	1
it's at a turning point.	By the end of this year, 63-year-old Chairman Silas Cathcart -- the former chairman of Illinois Tool Works who was derided as a "tool-and-die man" when GE brought him in to clean up Kidder in 1987 -- retires to his Lake Forest, Ill., home, possibly to build a shopping mall on some land he owns.	0
The pilots are working under an expired contract, and the machinists contract expires next month.	That gives them enormous leverage, including the threat of a strike to block any buy-out or recapitalization attempt they oppose.	1
The two men are planning joint visits to a number of clients to attempt to smoothly hand over the reins.	Clients want to see more of our senior people involved in the business -- not once a month, but two or three times a week.	1
There's a certain irony in the fact that Federal Express faces its first union problems as a result of its Tiger purchase.	Tiger itself was founded by a band of gungho airmen who had airlifted supplies "over the Hump" from India to China during World War II.	1
A Ford takeover of Jaguar would "have such implications for the balance of power in the 1990s that General Motors can't afford to step aside.	They will have to throw their hat in the ring.	1
Skeptics wonder whether mega-resorts such as the Mirage will be able to squeeze a profit from their cash flow.	The Mirage will cost at least $1 million a day to operate.	1
B.F. Goodrich dropped 1 3/8 to 49 1/8.	The company's third-quarter earnings were below both analysts' forecasts and the year-earlier level.	1
It does not matter if one is defeated, provided the work that gets the award has unmistakable qualities.	What's so discouraging is.	0
The nations of southern Africa know a lot about managing elephants.	their herds are thriving.	1
indeed, it's hard to imagine a bad performance of it.	Nothing bravura, no arpeggios, no ticklish fingering problems challenge the performer.	1
the studio still wants the producers to come back and fulfill their contract.	They are like a mini-studio; they have 50 projects in development for Warner.	1
Paying players at SMU was no casual operation.	It involved the athletics director, two different football coaching staffs, and school trustees and governors -- just about everybody, it seemed, but Donald Shields, the university's president.	0
Mr. Gutfreund collected $32 million, while Billy Salomon got $10 million, much less than if he had conducted the sale.	I felt betrayed.	1
I've got 70 kinds of apples.	Here's a Waltana.	0
Mr. Castaneda's office will reportedly issue warrants during the next six months for the arrest of another 10,000 federal employees.	Those employees are suspected of illegally gaining an estimated $376.8 million.	1
that laches is the sole bar to the issuance of an injunction.	Had the suit been filed in time Bare-Faced Messiah" would have been suppressed.	1
The successful launch continues a remarkable recovery in the U.S. space-science program.	An unmanned spacecraft, Magellan, already is heading to Venus and is due to begin mapping the planet next August.	0
Tuitions at private colleges rose 154% in the 10 years ended in June of this year.	that's twice the 77% increase in consumer prices for the same period.	0
They have to work such long hours and then we expect them to be heroes if there's an evacuation.	it is considering changing its policy on flight attendants.	1
Consider the troubling dissonance between Mr. Shevardnadze's speech of confession this week and the hang-tough defense of everyone concerned with the Iran-Contra affair.	The Soviet foreign minister publicly concedes that his government "violated norms of behavior" in Afghanistan and just plain lied about the radar station..We have people in high place still lying through their teeth about Iran-Contra, and that apparently isn't going to change..For that matter, those long ago identified as liars are still given respectful hearings in the press.	0
Finally, the case of Dr. Morgan gave Congress an opportunity to act with unaccustomed decisiveness and to engage in one of its favorite pastimes -- bashing the District of Columbia government.	The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons.	1
His client contacts, meanwhile, could prove a gold mine for an agency that has had few new business wins of late.	I've done over 40 ad agency searches {for clients}, so I have a pretty good notion of what clients are interested in when they look for an agency.	1
that contrary to rumors, he hasn't tried to unload his holding.	that he bought USAir stock earlier this year as "part of a fundamental investment in the airline group.	0
Since the government has a dismal record of collecting bad debts, the costs to the borrower of defaulting are usually low..In addition, it is often possible to obtain a new government loan even if existing debts are not paid off.	Simple policy prescriptions in this case would be to improve debt collection (taking the gloves off contracted collection agencies) and to deny new credit to defaulters.	1
his company is now shipping only to the flagship stores of the Federated and Allied chains.	This limits his financial exposure.	1
How many shares will be around in 1995?.	There's nothing preventing BellSouth from buying up shares in the meanwhile.	1
Scott Wakeman was named president and chief operating officer of U.S. operations, titles that had been held by Mr. Weekes.	Mr. Wakeman was vice president of the instrument and controls division of closely held Omega Engineering Inc., another company controlled by Mr. Hollander.	0
Under the statute, agencies are provided "defenses that normally aren't available in the private sector.	The legislature does not want to inhibit the unique government activities by exposing public entities to liability.	1
The department distributed the revisions and clarifications to U.S. attorneys around the country this summer as part of a routine process of updating prosecutorial guidelines.	The changes apply to prosecutions brought under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law.	0
For the third quarter, total operating revenue grew 2.6% to $3.55 billion from $3.46 billion.	Total operating expenses increased 3.5% to $2.78 billion from $2.69 billion.	0
It puts this president in the legislative business.	That's not what our fathers had in mind.	0
Nam Angels shows Angels fighting with each other and also depicts them as showing no remorse when a member is killed.	Both of these actions aren't characteristic of real Hells Angels.	0
Still, 20 Japanese companies, including giants such as Sanyo Industries Corp., Matsushita Electronics Components Corp. and Sony Corp. have set up shop in the state of Northern Baja California.	Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1, as the first opposition governor in Mexico's modern history.	1
U.S. and Soviet officials are to open a new round of talks today aimed at reducing chemical-weapons arsenals amid superpower differences over whether to stop making the gases.	The talks in New York are the first since Bush and Soviet Foreign Minister Shevardnadze unveiled proposals in September to scrap existing weapons.	0
Even if that scenario occurs, Westinghouse figures it is prepared.	The company already is gearing up for a renaissance of nuclear power even though it hasn't received an order for a domestic nuclear plant in a decade.	1
Without the Adobe gain, Apple's full-year operating profit edged up 1.5% to $406 million, or $3.16 a share, from $400.3 million, or $3.08 a share.	Including the Adobe gain, full-year net was $454 million, or $3.53 a share.	0
that its compliance director, Kevin P. Conway, who then was responsible for policing the exchange's busy oil and metal pits, "was engaged in other personal business activities on Exchange time," including out-of-state trips, according to a New York Merc report prepared last year.	Mr. Conway is no longer at the exchange.	0
The recession, that is.	The economy's stutter steps leave investors wondering whether things are slowing down or speeding up.	1
Still, on average, the major California banks have the highest yields on CDs, according to Banxquote.	The average yield there on six-month issues is 8.32%.	1
This must be the last big stretch of the American seacoast that is "undeveloped.	There are a few ramshackle fishing towns with quiet atolls of resort houses nearby.	0
A company spokesman said the decision to eliminate the dividend resulted from a quarterly appraisal and that circumstances had changed since the December announcement.	He declined to elaborate.	0
Prior to this episode, Sen. Christopher Dodd (D., Conn.), sensing an open field, undertook a personal diplomatic mission through Central America to promote an early disbanding of the rebels.	Visiting Nicaragua, he praised the Sandinistas for their electoral system and chided the Bush administration for not rewarding the Sandinistas.	0
Jackson & Walker, a 130-lawyer firm in Dallas and Datson & Scofield, a 70-lawyer firm in Houston said they have agreed in principle to merge.	The consolidated firm, which would rank among the 10 largest in Texas, would operate under the name Jackson & Walker.	0
investors willing to look could find double-digit yields at some banks and thrifts.	Now, the nationwide average yield on a six-month CD is just under 8%, and 8.5% is about the best around.	0
If the stock stays at the same price between now and the put's expiration date, the investor's loss will be limited to the cost of the put, less any amount realized from a closing sale of the put.	The worst-case scenario would be if the put expires worthless.	1
But gay rights advocates are angry, too.	The Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund of New York City has received complaints from homosexual couples whom the airline doesn't recognize as family.	0
Government National Mortgage Association 9% securities for November delivery were quoted late yesterday at 98 10/32, up 10/32; and Freddie Mac 9% securities were at 97 1/2, up 1/4.	The Ginnie Mae 9% issue was yielding 8.36% to a 12-year average life assumption, as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened slightly to 1.46 percentage points.	0
I don't know how much got through.	Nobody has any credible estimate.	0
Many investors certainly believe a bidding war is imminent.	Jaguar shares skyrocketed yesterday after Mr. Ridley's announcement, following their temporary suspension on London's Stock Exchange.	1
And so it seems to be with the case of Elizabeth Morgan, the Washington, D.C., plastic surgeon jailed in a child custody case for refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter.	Dr. Morgan has just emerged from the D.C. jail after more than two years' confinement for contempt of court, a heroine to her many supporters.	0
Our customers watch us for the hidden message.	Look a customer right in the eye and say, `I'm glad to be at Wang.	1
Mr. Peladeau took his first big gamble 25 years ago, when he took advantage of a strike at La Presse, then Montreal's dominant French-language newspaper, to launch the Journal de Montreal.	The tabloid's circulation soared to 80,000.	0
So the SEC has proposed to Congress that much of the job of oversight be turned over to an industry-funded, self-regulatory organization patterned on the National Association of Securities Dealers.	Such an organization could, among other things, set minimum standards for competence, ethics and finances and punish those investment advisers who broke the rules.	0
The technology group includes many of the OTC market's biggest stocks.	rallies in the group historically have lifted the market, while weakness in the sector often sank unlisted share prices broadly.	1
on our farm there are four unoccupied houses.	On my four-mile drive to farm headquarters each morning, I drive by another four empty houses.	0
this is a great strategic move for Quebecor.	They are buying an operation that is running well.	1
Within weeks the unfolding Iran-Contra scandal took away Mr. Noriega's insurance policy..The death of CIA Director William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces to gain influence..Public protests against him were triggered in June 1987 due to charges by Diaz Herrera, his former chief of staff, that Mr. Noriega had stolen the 1984 election and had ordered the killing of Messrs..Spadafora and Torrijos.	Few American officials were willing any longer to defend him.	1
but don't bet that contractors' unreported income will be detected that way.	that 50% of IRS audits don't spot companies that fail to file the reports.	1
Sales of medium and heavy-duty trucks continue to lag previous-year rates, leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels, said Stephen R. Hardis, vice chairman and chief financial and administrative officer.	He declined to make a specific earnings estimate.	0
His last published novel featuring private detective Philip Marlowe, the inferior "Playback" (1958), at times read almost like a parody of his previous work.	When he died in 1959, Chandler left behind four chapters of yet another Marlowe book, "The Poodle Springs Story," which seemed to go beyond parody into something like burlesque.	0
All of the Big Three suffered in the just-ended period, however, with sales of all domestically made cars, including those built at Japanese-managed plants, falling 19% to 158,863 from a year earlier.	The seasonal adjusted annual selling rate was six million vehicles, a small improvement from the 5.8 million rate of early October, but a big drop from the 7.1 million rate a year ago.	0
In the U.S., more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis, according to Lotus..In Japan, those functions account for only about a third of the software market.	Machines dedicated solely to word processing, which have all but disappeared in the U.S., are still more common in Japan than PCs.	0
the "everyday low pricing" strategy that it adopted in March as part of a broad attempt to revive its retailing business.	Under the new approach, Sears set prices that were somewhere between its old "regular" and "sale" prices.	0
the U.S. and West Germany have each withdrawn from missile projects.	joint projects are increasingly squeezed by budget pressures and the desire to save domestic jobs.	1
The third principal in the South Gardens adventure did have garden experience.	The firm of Bruce Kelly/David Varnell Landscape Architects had created Central Park's Strawberry Fields and Shakespeare Garden.	1
Rates haven't really peeled off that much.	We've kind of settled now into an interest-rate environment that's fairly high.	1
Houston Lighting's current situation has some positive aspects, including managing "very well" the construction and commercial operation risks of Units 1 and 2 of the South Texas Project nuclear power plant.	Capital requirements will be declining and no new generating facilities will be required for several years.	0
Mr. Schwarz, 52 years old, will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1.	Mr. Schwarz, who is president of U.S. Trust, will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer, 42.	0
These people used to be called brokers, but apparently this word either is not grandiose enough or carries too many negative connotations from the aforementioned technical correction, when terrified customers couldn't raise brokers on the phone.	Either way, the word "broker" is clearly out of favor.	1
the government faces a daunting job of rebuilding confidence in its policies.	The prime minister and her new chancellor of the exchequer, the untested John Major, need to haul the country through something like a recession to bring down inflation and set the economy moving again.	1
which settled 6 pence a share lower at 753 ($12.10.	Hanson, with 15 million shares traded, closed 2.5 lower at 212.5.	0
Consumer stocks once again set the pace for blue-chip issues.	Philip Morris added 1 1/8 to 44 1/2 in Big Board composite trading of 3.7 million shares, Coca-Cola Co. gained 2 3/8 to 70 3/8, Merck gained 1 3/8 to 77 3/8 and American Telephone & Telegraph advanced 7/8 to 43 3/8 on 2.5 million shares.	1
minimills to eclipse major integrated steelmakers.	Nucor's plant in Crawfordsville, Ind., ultimately will produce only one million tons annually, a drop in the 40-million-ton-a-year flat-rolled steel bucket.	1
I used to wear hats in Russia, but I had to make them and my dresses.	On the hat side I wasn't getting what I wanted.	1
Short selling isn't necessarily bad for the overall market.	Shorted shares must eventually be replaced through buying.	1
but his ties to Camden remain a sore point because of the county's past corruption.	His campaign hierarchy is chosen from elsewhere in the state, and faced with criticism of a sweetheart bank investment, he has so far blunted the issue by donating the bulk of his profits to his alma mater, Trenton State College.	1
We've run into a market that was beginning to run out of steam and get frothy.	that when somebody came along with a pin -- in this case the UAL deal -- we got a little pop.	1
Sony is acquiring Columbia and Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. in two separate transactions valued at more than $5 billion.	Warner Communications Inc., which is being acquired by Time Warner, has filed a $1 billion breach-of-contract suit against Sony and the two producers.	0
I think this repeal was kind of a thoughtless action, as a matter of fact.	They will have to revisit this issue.	1
Output of business equipment was unchanged in September.	Production of factory equipment, one indication of the strength of manufacturers' investment spending, fell 0.3%.	0
Although we were white, the same economic factors affected us as affects the black people Mr. Farney writes about.	Fortunately, an aunt with a college degree bought a small farm and moved us 50 miles north to good schools and an environment that opened the world of opportunity for me as an eight-year-old.	0
Christmas falls on a Monday, creating a big last-minute weekend opportunity for stores.	Most will stay open late Saturday night and open their doors again Sunday.	1
I wish he could wear lifts in his voice.	Not nearly in his best form, the tenor made dullish sounds along with his usual clumsy hand gestures.	1
I'd be destroying myself," replies Mr. Korotich, who then asks, "What would that accomplish.	His answer reveals his vulnerability.	1
I have accomplished too much.	They want to do more.	0
If the programs continue their present path, the potential government losses are staggering.	The federal government holds $222 billion in direct loans outstanding and backs an additional $550 billion in primary guarantees.	1
The deregulation of railroads and trucking companies that began in 1980 enabled shippers to bargain for transportation.	Carriers could use their equipment more efficiently.	1
City officials feared widespread gridlock on the first day that normal business operations were resumed following last Tuesday's earthquake.	The massive temblor, which killed at least 61 people, severed the Bay Bridge, a major artery to the east, and closed most ramps leading to and from Highway 101, the biggest artery to the south.	1
NO MORE STUBBED toes or bruised shins, promises Geste Corp. of Goshen, Ind., the designer of a bed support to replace traditional frames.	Four tubular steel "Bedfellows," each roughly in the shape of a "W," are attached to the bottom of the box spring in a recessed position.	1
It's a super-exciting set of discoveries.	Only a decade ago cancer was a black box about which we knew nothing at the molecular level.	1
Spending by Japanese households averaged 290,782 yen ($2,052.10) in August.	In nominal terms it rose 0.6% from a year earlier before adjustment.	0
But it was clear that for the time being, the board wants the company to return to normalcy.	it concluded that "the welfare of the company, its shareholders, its employees and the broader public . . . can best be enhanced by continued development of UAL as a strong, viable, independent company.	1
He's sharp as a tack.	He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye.	0
In the year-earlier period, the maker of diesel engines and parts had a narrower deficit of $17.6 million, or $1.84 a share, with sales of $808.3 million.	shipments of truck engines, which provide a higher margin than most of the company's other products, declined 16% from a year earlier.	1
that any fliers acquired in future mergers would be "end-tailed" -- put at the bottom of the pilot seniority list that determines work schedules, pay and career options.	The Tiger merger agreement stipulated that the lists be combined on the basis of tenure.	0
The union, though, has called the offer "insulting.	The company reiterated yesterday that it's willing to reconfigure the package, but not add to the substance of it.	0
the department's supervised health facility would have been fine.	In my view, {massages} should be managed with an appropriate mixture of males and females around.	1
Already "it's hard to get people.	They're so busy.	1
One sign that more Soviet purchases are possible is that U.S. grain companies yesterday bought an unusually large amount of corn futures contracts.	That sometimes signals that they are laying plans to export corn.	1
Revenue for its first quarter ended Sept. 30 was $86.4 million, a 95% increase over the year-ago period.	Profit was $5.2 million, compared with $1 million for the year-ago quarter.	0
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops, such as cotton, soybeans and rice..The male part, the anthers of the plant, and the female, the pistils, of the same plant are within a fraction of an inch or even attached to each other..The anthers in these plants are difficult to clip off.	In China, a great number of workers are engaged in pulling out the male organs of rice plants using tweezers, and one-third of rice produced in that country is grown from hybrid seeds.	0
Formally or informally, train all your managers and supervisors in the company's due-process approach..See that they know company personnel policy backwards and forwards, for it is the "law" governing company courts and adjudicators..Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately.	In case managers and personnel specialists are unsuccessful and subordinates take their complaints to a company court or adjudicator, teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life, for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen.	0
The real question is whether the Paramount-MCA offering is practical.	It isn't. . . . Why would I consider giving up Fox, a proven commodity," for an unknown venture.	0
But Ms. McCraw says the magazine is fighting back.	It now offers 30 regional editions, it very recently began running ads adjacent to articles, and it has been beefing up its sales force.	0
Each speaker was asked to address a specific topic, not deliver a point of view.	Each scientist independently concluded society and government are underreacting when it comes to substantive policy change.	0
flooding caused by broken water pipes closed its San Jose plant.	The plant and its 8,500 employees gradually will resume operations over the next several days.	1
Meanwhile, competitors are being spawned almost daily; some 300 new businesses -- many just one-person shops -- have sprung up.	the industry's total revenues approach $200 million.	1
These rate indications aren't directly comparable.	lending practices vary widely by location.	1
because of Lloyd's practice of leaving the books open for three years to allow for the settlement of claims.	Lloyd's only recently reported its financial results for 1986.	1
Robert P. Bulseco, 44 years old, was named president and chief administrative officer of this regional commercial bank.	Both posts had been vacant.	0
The ramifications are enormous.	It's a real face-to-face arm wrestling challenge to Congress.	1
He left his last two jobs at Republic Airlines and Flying Tiger with combined stock-option gains of about $22 million, and UAL gave him a $15 million bonus when it hired him.	His 1988 salary was $575,000, with a $575,000 bonus.	0
As expected, the longer-term tax-exempt New York bonds had yields nearly as high as those on taxable long-term Treasury bonds.	The yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond ended yesterday at about 7.92%.	1
For the nine months, Northrop reported a net loss of $46.9 million, or $1 a share, compared with profit of $190.3 million, or $4.05 a share, in 1988.	Sales dipped 3.6% to $3.92 billion from $4.07 billion.	0
Futures prices declined.	A number of developments were negatively interpreted by traders.	1
One of the reasons Bush administration aides are anxious to insist that the coming meeting will be informal is to avoid comparisons with the last such loosely structured superpower gathering, former President Reagan's 1986 meeting with Mr. Gorbachev in Reykjavik, Iceland.	That meeting sent shivers through the Western alliance because Mr. Reagan was pulled into discussing the possible elimination of nuclear weapons without consulting American allies.	1
Turkey has been fighting its past for years, and thus far has been only partially successful.	Must it now accept that one of its strongest allies blames it for the genocide of another people.	1
that in the past IBM has developed broad software strategies only for problems that crossed industry lines.	IBM's decision to invest this sort of effort into a single industry showed that it was getting serious about understanding customers' problems and wasn't just selling technology.	1
But in Mr. Sohmer's Ozarks, he is but the tip of the patriarchal iceberg.	Every man Kate encounters is either sniggeringly puritanical, viciously patronizing, revoltingly lecherous, or all three.	1
Third-quarter sales of U.S. credit services were "disappointingly below sales" of a year earlier.	those sales have been declining this year in the wake of allegations that the company engaged in unfair sales practices that encouraged customers to overpurchase services.	0
that progress in cooperation can be made in areas where no vested interests have built up.	One of those areas is the development of a hand-held electronic device that would permit floor traders to enter trades as they make them.	0
Old Stone's construction lending portfolio includes about $250 million in real-estate loans outstanding.	The unit has 30 employees in four California offices.	0
I'm not accusing insurers of dereliction of duty.	You can't ask one carrier to underwrite on social grounds when that might destroy it in the marketplace.	1
and yet RICO defenders "tell us that we should rely on prosecutorial discretion to protect against overbreadth of RICO.	No prosecutorial guidelines, observed or unobserved, limit civil RICO cases by plaintiffs for damages.	1
that Fujitsu said it is now offering to withdraw from the project.	From a common-sense viewpoint, it was not socially acceptable.	1
The entire system of centrally set prices would be overhauled, and free-market prices introduced for most wholesale trade and some retail trade.	Consumers would still be able to buy some food and household goods at subsidized prices, but luxury and imported items, including food, would be sold at market prices.	1
He was threatening to take over the carrier, after spending an estimated $167 million to build an 8.4% USAir stake for his investment clients.	The would-be raider even hired an investment banker to give teeth to his takeover threat.	0
Net income at Sears's Dean Witter Financials Services group, meanwhile, rose nearly 32% to $35.7 million.	Profit at Sears's Coldwell Banker Real Estate Group nearly quadrupled to $81.2 million because of gains on sales of property.	0
Commercial and industrial construction rose sharply, partly because of three large projects, each expected to cost more than $100 million.	Institutional building, such as hospitals and schools, eased in September following a surge in August.	0
A bid against Paribas couldn't be ruled out.	France's second-largest government-owned insurance company, Assurances Generales de France, has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake, currently thought to be between 8% and 10%.	1
it will offer $750 cash rebates to buyers of its 1990-model Ford Bronco sport utility vehicle.	it will also offer buyers the option of financing as low as 6.9% on 24-month loans.	0
voters still have very little idea what they can expect from him.	After 25 years in city politics, David Dinkins remains an enigma.	1
The risk is that earnings disappointments will continue.	The economy is decelerating after six good years.	1
prompting forecasts of weaker results ahead.	Analysts were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders at the computer maker.	1
However, Mr. Dillow said he believes that a reduction in raw material stockbuilding by industry could lead to a sharp drop in imports.	Combined with at least some rebound in exports after August's unexpected decline, the deficit could narrow to as little as #1.3 billion.	0
The case went on appeal to the Second Circuit.	In a decision in April of this year, Judge Roger Miner, joined by Judge Frank Altimari, agreed on denying the injunction and did not doubt that "Bare-Faced Messiah" was a serious work but rejected Judge Leval's argument that the public interest in scholarship could outweigh the sanctity of copyright.	0
We've all got money to spend, some of it clearly disposable since we keep disposing of it.	Bank it.	1
Motorola is in good company.	Businesses across the country are getting fed up with junk mail.	1
The technology revolution is going to be very threatening to established producers.	They've got too much invested in the old stuff.	1
they've been shielded the most.	So long as abortion was a question for litigation, not legislation, Republicans could find political security in absolutism.	1
But in Epinal, a gray 16th-century river town adjacent to France's Vosges mountain region, none of these Yankee-come-lately enthusiasms for things aloft was evident.	Ballooning at the de rigueur hour of 6 a.m. held all the attraction for most people of sunrise root-canal work.	0
William D. Forrester, president of the U.S.-U.S.S.R..Trade and Economic Council, has a warning for U.S. companies trying to do business in the Soviet Union.	It's an extremely complex market, and you have to be prepared to make a big commitment.	0
Some $380 million of the troubled assets is repossessed real estate, a 55.6% surge from the $244.2 million of repossesed property HomeFed held a year ago.	HomeFed has $17.9 billion of assets.	0
The contact occurred through Mr. Noriega's half-brother, a Panamanian diplomat based in Peru named Luis Carlos Noriega Hurtado.	Luis Carlos, knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer, relayed Tony's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and, more important, among his officers and instructors.	1
blaming futures is like blaming the messenger.	Since stock-index arbitrage merely narrows the gap between prices in the futures and stock markets, it can't add to volatility.	1
Last year, there were only several big investors who were interested.	This year, some investors are changing their policies and investing a lot.	0
The moisturizer, introduced in 1962, had a dowdy image.	Oil of Olay brought with it the baggage of being used basically by older women who had already aged.	1
Here, at a soccer stadium near the black township of Soweto yesterday, were eight leaders of the African National Congress, seven of whom had spent most of their adult lives in prison for sabotage and conspiracy to overthrow the government.	Here were more than 70,000 ANC supporters, gathering for the first ANC rally inside South Africa since the black liberation movement was banned in 1960.	0
And, in a sense, that's the kind of task individuals face in deciding what to do about stocks.	It comes down to a question of whether to try to "time" the market.	0
The proposed holding company's primary purpose would be to allow Great American to continue engaging in real estate development activities.	Those activities generated $26.1 million in operating profit last year..But according to Great American, such profits don't count toward meeting the San Diego savings bank's new capitalization requirements under 1989 federal law.	1
We urge our people not to wait until they have to fight for their own nation.	By populating a place now, we make ourselves a power any new government will have to take into account.	0
As part of the upscale push, Kidder is putting brokers through a 20-week training course, turning them into "investment counselors" with knowledge of corporate finance.	They will get "new and improved tools to sell, particularly to the affluent investor.	1
The branches are just warmed over, empty halls.	Why should I be part of that problem.	1
At the news conference, Mr. Lorenzo and Eastern President Phil Bakes presented a far rosier assessment.	Flanked by flight attendants, pilots and gate agents dressed in spiffy new blue uniforms, they said Eastern has exceeded its operational goals and is filling its seats..Starting next month, Eastern will begin flying 775 flights daily instead of the previously announced 700, they said..Mr. Bakes declined to give out Eastern's daily losses, but said he didn't expect Eastern would have to dip into the cash from asset sales currently held in escrow..These accounts hold several hundred million dollars, primarily from asset sales..The plan Eastern hopes to pursue, he said, calls for Eastern to have $390 million in cash by year's end..Both he and Mr. Lorenzo predicted that plan might be confirmed in January.	0
But then they put two loaded pistols to his temple and demanded he open the safe.	When he initially refused they stabbed him in the back and made off with $2,000 and 280 blank tickets.	0
Wednesday, Mr. Belli's staff wasn't permitted into his office by city officials worried about their safety.	he set up shop on the sidewalk in front of his town-house office and helped victims apply for federal aid -- free of charge.	1
Northeast Utilities, Hartford, Conn., Monday filed a bid it valued at $2.25 billion.	That offer was endorsed by the shareholders committee.	0
On Sept. 6, Robert Joseph Sherry, the firm's senior vice president of employee and public relations, sold 4,000 shares.	Including a sale of stock last February, Mr. Sherry has sold 88% of his stake in the company this year, according to SEC filings.	0
Strategies vary for Westridge Capital, which has $300 million under management.	The firm sometimes buys S&P 500 futures when they are selling at a discount to the actual stocks, and will switch back and forth between stocks and stock-index futures to take advantages of any momentary price discrepencies.	0
It will take several meetings to resolve this.	We don't want to bring back something the members will reject.	1
Although external events have contributed to the morass, the principal causes of the current crisis are internal and generic to all programs.	To reduce the risks while still retaining the legitimate benefits these programs can provide, credit policy must:.1..Use credit to improve the operation of capital markets, not to provide subsidies.	1
Zero-coupon CDs are only a small portion of the $1 trillion-plus in CDs outstanding, and those purchased on the secondary market are an even smaller part of the total.	that fewer than 10 financial institutions currently issue zero-coupon CDs.	0
Payments are good right now, but we aren't recommending any long-term lines of credit.	The Campeau situation is a little uncertain and very difficult to analyze.	1
The pilots have a strong financing tool in their willingness to cut their annual compensation by $200 million, and to commit $200 million from their retirement funds.	On Friday, they also persuaded the UAL flight attendants to join them.	0
These and other modern trading methods "tend to promote dramatic shifts in assets.	It's the idea that what goes in easy can come out easy.	1
the earlier strident notes struck by {U.S..Commerce Secretary Robert} Mosbacher and {U.S..Trade Representative} Carla Hills have been more rounded.	the U.S. is becoming more patient and circumspect.	0
Government entities could be protected by the California Government Tort Liability Act.	Under the statute, agencies are provided "defenses that normally aren't available in the private sector.	0
The 101-year-old magazine has never had to woo advertisers with quite so much fervor before.	It largely rested on its hard-to-fault demographics.	1
The situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they'll be able to do it out of current income.	That's crazy.	1
That's a problem because cash isn't earning us very much money.	This is the most difficult market that I've been involved in.	0
When the loan agreement was announced, it was hailed as one of the first Western-style financing transactions ever used in China.	Unlike most loans to China, there was no Chinese guarantor.	1
GOLF HAS BECOME the latest diversion for travelers stuck at some airports.	Simulated golf games have been installed at airports in Denver and Pittsburgh.	0
Mr. Roper in London sees a more positive scenario.	There seems to be a message from Moscow there's a deal on offer," he says. "They want reassurance we won't try to undermine or destroy the Warsaw Pact. . . . In return, the U.K. and France could keep their nuclear weapons..He adds: "Once both sides feel comfortable, it should be that much easier to make more progress toward the economic and social reforms that are now starting in the East.	0
Instead of focusing on the financial future, Mr. Dinkins has sold himself as a unifier for a city recently touched by racial violence and as a soothing antidote to 12 years of commotion generated by Mayor Koch.	The thing about the Dinkins candidacy is that it offers hope to a broad range of people.	1
After 16 weeks, the group that took three daily teaspoons of Metamucil saw a significant dip in their general cholesterol levels, and an even larger reduction in levels of low-density lipoproteins, the so-called bad cholesterol.	In late 1987, P&G asked the FDA for approval to market Metamucil as the first non-prescription, cholesterol-lowering product in the.	1
and recommended that its clients shift funds from Kellogg to General Mills.	Kellogg dropped 1 3/4 to 73 1/4.	1
The thrifts had a combined loss of $487.8 million in the second quarter.	Other lenders have been recovering only 50 cents to 60 cents on the dollar on foreclosed Arizona property, if they can sell it at all.	0
With $500 apiece and an injection of outside capital, they formed Genentech Inc.	Commercial gene-splicing was born.	0
Japanese tourists will be told to take care when photographing earthquake damage in San Francisco.	The association issued an advisory to its 1,685 member agencies following a report from the Foreign Ministry that picture-taking by Japanese tourists in earthquake-stricken areas was causing ill feeling among local residents.	0
We're saying companies have to pay increasing attention to balance sheets," said Mr. Kerschner.	He suggested that investors buy the shares of Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea, J. Baker, McDonald's, Philip Morris and Sara Lee.	0
We're getting to the point where we are going to have to meet" with him.	Ford probably will renew its request for such a meeting soon.	1
it has never been statutorily defined.	In 1983, the Supreme Court tried to supply a workable definition in the Dirks v..SEC decision.	0
Bay reported a loss of $62 million, or $15.97 a share, for the fiscal year ended June 30.	it might seek bankruptcy-court protection from creditor lawsuits if it can't renegotiate its borrowings.	1
Maybe it was their peculiar sense of history.	The broadcasters were, after all, documenting the game, ratifying its occurrence for millions outside the Stick.	1
27 areas containing a third of Poland's population are regarded as "ecological hazards" due to multiple violations of standards..Norms are consistently exceeded at 60% of nitrogen oxide monitoring sites and 80% of those for dust and soot emissions..Four-fifths of Poland's soils have become highly acidified; 70% of its southern forests are projected to die by century's end.	Between 1965 and 1985, Polish waters fit for human consumption dropped from 33% to 6% of all surface waters, while those unfit even for industry use nearly doubled.	0
The buy-out effort also worsened already-strained relations between United's pilot and machinist unions.	The machinists' criticisms of the labor-management bid and their threats of a strike unless they received substantial wage increases this year helped cool banks' interest in financing the transaction.	0
Short-term rates increased.	The discount rate on three-month bills rose to 7.52% for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75%.	0
A three-judge panel of the court in Cincinnati made the ruling Saturday.	The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14-judge panel.	0
but plans to accept its ouster graciously.	The city's Office of Promotion plans media events to welcome its successor.	0
it had a loss of $11.3 million, or 46 cents a share, in the quarter ended Aug. 26.	A year earlier, the company had a deficit of $1.5 million, or six cents a share.	0
People think of the steel business as an old and mundane smokestack business.	They're dead wrong.	0
Revenue rose 21% to $243.4 million from $201.2 million.	For the nine months, America West posted earnings of $18.9 million, or 97 cents a share, compared with a loss of $9.7 million, or 74 cents a share, a year earlier.	0
In the wake of Friday's plunge and yesterday's rebound, some companies are already postponing deals, and others wish they could.	As in other jittery times, many small businesses expect a particularly rough time raising funds as investors shun risky deals, seeking safety in bigger companies.	1
The debt rose further in 1977 when Mr. Sutton resigned his position as Manhattan borough president to run for mayor.	Mr. Sutton recalls: "When I left, I sat down with Charlie {Rangel}, Basil {Paterson} and David, and David said, 'Who will run for borough president.	0
That would force the buy-out firm and the target company's management to reduce their level of ownership.	The pigs in the trough may have to give a little bit of the slop back and then the deal can go through.	0
We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union.	Frankly, I wouldn't expect the Japanese to get hooked on anybody's technology, least of all the Soviets.	0
Jeanette Traverso, a California lawyer, gave up running three times a week to play a weekly round of golf, finding it more social and serene.	It's an activity she feels she can do for life, and by pulling a golf cart, she still gets a good workout.	0
Indeed, according to West German government sources, he was one of the leaders in the power struggle that toppled Mr. Honecker.	In recent days, Mr. Krenz has sought to project a kinder image.	0
And when a defensive move was called for, D.T. passed up an obvious pawn move and instead exposed its queen to immediate tactical threats.	that "even a weak club player" would have avoided the queen move.	0
maybe not.	Abby Joseph Cohen, a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert, isn't nearly so sanguine about the market's chances of surging to new highs anytime soon.	1
that the company's net income will grow 51% to $2.15 a share this year.	St. Jude finished up 1/4 to 44 1/2 on Friday.	0
Solidarity doesn't care for the good of this region.	They want to turn everything upside down in a week.	1
We're all a little greedy.	Everyone is vulnerable.	1
Conference committees are breeding grounds for mischief.	They are often closed to the public and no minutes are taken.	1
The junk-mail titans, ever optimistic, are looking for ways around the problem.	So far it hasn't had any noticeable effect on response rates.	0
that even under those conditions, the company still would realize a savings of tens of millions of dollars in the first year following a merger.	The fit is so good, we see this as a time of opportunity.	1
If you look back a half-year or so the evidence was pretty good of affirmative strength in the capital-goods sector.	Now at least there are question marks about that, and without any question the pace of growth has slowed.	0
The state's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that license or register professionals and businesses; from exchange agreements with the IRS, 24 other states, and two Canadian provinces, and even from phonebook Yellow Pages.	Thus armed for massive matching of documents by computer, they single out high-income groups, looking primarily for people who haven't filed New York income-tax returns.	0
The FCC took three specific actions regarding AT&T.	By a 4-0 vote, it allowed AT&T to continue offering special discount packages to big customers.	0
Name-dropping is pervasive and getting more so as society becomes more complex and alienating.	It can be an avenue of entrance to a certain sector of society.	1
The order against assassinations is another artifact of the same congressional mind-set, a product of the 1970s Vietnam syndrome against any executive action.	President Bush would do himself and the country a favor by rescinding the order as an ambiguous intrusion on his ability to defend America's national security.	1
Ad agencies typically earned a straight 15% commission.	if a client spent $100 million on TV time, the agency made $15 million.	0
The seemingly mundane action has important implications for banks' recent entry into the underwriting of corporate securities.	The Fed's action increases the volume of publicly registered securities that banks' securities affiliates will be able to underwrite.	1
the firm has a "straight mathematical formula" for determining compensation, based on the firm's earnings.	Just because a particular element of the firm is down," such as stockbrokerage, "doesn't mean the executive committee should be paid less.	1
China had refused to repatriate citizens who sneaked into Hong Kong illegally since early this month, when the colony allowed a dissident Chinese swimmer to flee to the U.S.	About 1,100 Chinese were awaiting repatriation yesterday.	1
Because the biggest growth in menswear is in casual sportswear, Brooks Brothers is chasing more of that business.	The entire second floor of its Madison Avenue store is now casual sportswear featuring items such as ski sweaters, leather backpacks and a $42 wool baseball hat with the store's crest.	1
We do know there are slight differences in the way human and animal insulins drive down blood sugar.	The human-based drug starts the blood sugar dropping sooner and drives it down faster.	0
and memorialized on the movie screen.	In the film classic "Twelve Angry Men," the crucible of deliberations unmasks each juror's bias and purges it from playing a role in the verdict.	0
I want to add one more truck.	I sense that it's going to continue to grow.	1
But Superfund also contains a criminal provision concerning the release of toxic substances into the environment.	In 1986 Congress strengthened the penalty by making it a felony.	0
he "would be disappointed if we couldn't do {the deal} within a month.	the tie-up would mean Jaguar could "develop cars down range {in price} from where we are" by offering access to GM's high-volume parts production.	1
It's the most stunning example of Las Vegas's concerted effort to transform itself into a world-famous vacation resort for families as well as gamblers.	Las Vegas has seen nothing quite like it before.	0
The new chip plants "won't be excessive investment.	We have enough products to make and the markets to sell these products.	1
Over the past year there have been only one burglary, three thefts of or from autos, no purse-snatchings, and one attempted robbery in the mall.	A shopping center of similar size in an affluent Los Angeles suburb would, per year, be expected to have eight burglaries, 70 thefts of or from autos, and four robberies.	0
and Shannon Airport, the airline's largest transit airport outside the Soviet Union, saw 1,400 Aeroflot flights and 250,000 passengers pass through.	An apartment complex down the road is the crew-rest and staging area for more than 130 Aeroflot pilots and flight attendants.	0
Moreover Irish companies are small but spunky.	We have to study their experience very well.	1
The topic that attracted participants' attention was Mitsubishi Estate's purchase of 51% of Rockefeller Center Properties, announced late Monday in New York.	Mitsubishi Estate ended the day at 2680, up 150.	1
and it's accelerating.	So far this month, foreclosures are averaging about 85 a day.	0
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon, Ind.-investment broker, ex-accountant, and son of a former stable owner-bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years, raised cattle for four, and never made a profit on either.	He claimed losses totaling $42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all.	1
But though a weakening economy implies reduced demand that Third World copper-producing countries haven't any choice but to sell copper.	They might even step up sales in a falling market in an effort to maintain the flow of foreign exchange into their treasuries.	0
Berlin's Villa Grisebach will auction art works with pre-sale estimates of less than $1,600 on Nov. 25.	The auction house is providing "a service to clients who don't want to sell just their fabulous oil paintings.	1
that indexing's rapid growth is slowing, particularly for those "plain vanilla" funds that mirror the S&P 500.	There isn't a boatload {of big investors} out there still waiting to get into indexing.	1
that dramatization "makes the truth flexible.	It takes one person's account and gives it authenticity.	1
Americans it seems have followed Malcolm Forbes's hot-air lead and taken to ballooning in a heady way.	During the past 25 years, the number of balloonists (those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter-than-air test) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand, with some estimates running as high as 10,000.	1
Few analysts think it is worth their time to slog through the Polaroid trial testimony.	It's like panning for gold outside of Grand Central Station.	1
The AT&T action was the most recent blow in a nasty fight.	Earlier this month, MCI sued AT&T in federal district court, claiming that AT&T's ads are false.	1
Also, at any of Sotheby's auctions of old masters, roughly one-third to one-fifth of what is offered doesn't sell at any price.	It's not that there aren't any bids, but the bids don't meet the minimum "reserve" prices set by the sellers.	1
They hesitate to market NEC-compatible machines.	NEC disapproves of such machines, and marketing one would jeopardize their relationship.	1
Because a purchaser can use an FHA loan to finance all points and closing costs, the FHA can wind up lending more than a house is worth.	If housing prices continue to fall, many borrowers would be better off walking away from their homes and leaving taxpayers with the losses.	1
These days, he isn't alone.	Nearly half the owners of the 28 National Football League teams are losing money.	1
Its loss of $77.7 million, or $1.86 a share, contrasted with net of $68.5 million, or $1.58 a share, in the 1988 third quarter.	Revenue rose only 3.3% in the latest period, to $1.53 billion from $1.48 billion.	0
When it comes to investing, trying to weigh risk and reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded.	Investors don't know the actual returns that securities will deliver, or the ups and downs that will occur along the way.	1
the promotion is designed to build brand loyalty rather than promote heavy drinking.	Seagram asks customers to buy only two or three bottles over a 12-month period.	1
They may not have been able to articulate it all, but they did it.	What you have here is intuition made manifest.	1
But a majority of the board, which includes three members from the Australian company, overrode him.	Mr. Evans resigned.	1
that its guidelines "should not stifle research creativity or technology transfer from the research laboratory to commercial use.	Universities such as Harvard and MIT should be able to develop a way to act as brokers for the individual scientists.	1
But Beijing can't cut back on such essential imports as raw materials for too long without hampering the country's export business.	that as much as 50% of Guangdong's exports is made up of processed imported raw materials.	1
Mr. Miller vetoed that.	Even I can't understand all the footnotes.	1
According to Salomon Brothers' "stub" stock index of 20 companies whose debt is giant compared with shareholder equity, investors are already beginning to retreat from shares of debt-laden companies.	From January to early September, the index of stub stocks -- the tiny portion of equity that's publicly traded following a recapitalization -- outperformed Standard & Poor's 500-stock index by about 20%..But starting in early September, the index started to slide and now stands about even with the S&P 500.	1
The $1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $150 million in the past two months.	About $60 million streamed out last week alone, double the level of the week following last month's Campeau Corp. credit squeeze.	0
That put the "seven" of Oct. 17 in perspective for me.	Think I'll buy one of those "I Survived" T-shirts after all.	1
Everything," one non-"Moonie" senior consultant to the Unification Church recently told me in an interview, "is going back to Korea and Japan.	Europe had proved even less hospitable than North America.	1
but battery-operated radios and television sets were plentiful.	Within a few minutes, the true extent of the catastrophe was becoming clear.	1
But that doesn't mean Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters might not eventually get their hands on some of their projects.	studios develop hundreds of movies but produce only 10 to 20 each year.	1
his firm will likely be recommending acquisitions of Japanese companies more often to foreign clients in the future.	Attitudes {toward being acquired} are still negative, but they're becoming more positive.	1
The sweep by the A's, whose pitchers and home-run hitters dominated the injury-prone Giants, will only make things worse for ABC, owned by Capital Cities/ABC Inc.	The network had been expected to have losses of as much as $20 million on baseball this year.	0
We're sorry to see Nigel Lawson's departure from the British government.	He is a politician with the courage of true conviction, as in summarily sacking exchange controls and in particular slashing the top rate of income taxation to 40%.	1
Ford faces an uphill fight for Jaguar, however.	they expect to have a friendly alliance with GM wrapped up by the end of the month.	1
The first part, consisting of $2.5 million of 11 1/4% secured equipment certificates due June 15, 1990, was priced at 98.481 with a yield to maturity of 13.75%..The second part, consisting of $28 million of 11 3/4% secured equipment certificates due June 15, 1995, was priced at 87.026 with a yield to maturity of 15.25%.	The third part, consisting of $18.5 million of 12 1/8% secured equipment certificates due April 15, 1996, was priced at 85.60 with a yield to maturity of 15.75%.	0
A bipartisan commission established by Congress and headed by Sen. John Rockefeller (D., W.Va.) is scheduled to present new plans for dealing with the uninsured and long-term care for the elderly by next March 1.	A quadrennial commission appointed by Health and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan is taking a broad look at the economics of Medicare for the elderly, Medicaid for the poor and the health system in general.	0
Yuba City, Calif., meanwhile, ranked dead last among 329 metro areas.	Unamused, residents burned Rand McNally books and wore T-shirts that said: "Kiss my Atlas.	1
As Brooks Brothers jumps into the fashion fray, it will be playing catch up.	Many clothiers, especially Ralph Lauren, have cashed in on the recent popularity of updated Ivy League and English styles.	1
The question is unanswerable at this point.	It depends on what happens.	1
Back in Berkeley, he was violently scolded by a left-wing lady friend for consorting with such people.	He became angry in return.	1
that he hasn't had much luck generating free publicity for his contest.	Newspapers, including this one, have generally ignored his news releases.	0
Attention," yelled our pilot as our basket plunged into the canal.	You bet attention," I yelled back, leaping atop the propane tanks, "I'm wearing alligator loafers.	0
Soon the whole purpose of the demonstration is lost in mob mania.	There are better ways to promote a cause.	0
While Sears wouldn't comment on the brouhaha over Mr. Vila's commercial endorsements, it appears to be building a fence around Mr. Vila's affections.	His contract makes him "exclusive" spokesman for Sears's home improvement marketing campaigns.	0
Revenue from non-GM accounts was 45% of EDS's total business in the latest nine months, compared with 40% a year earlier.	The company has said it wants to boost non-GM revenue to at least 50% of its total business by the end of 1990.	0
But let us not confuse profits of big business masquerading as concerns for people's health care or for the cost.	For whom is the saving?.Surely not to people with epilepsy who depend on the same levels of medication in their bloodstream daily to maintain seizure control.	1
When a caller reaches Telelawyer by dialing 900-TELELAW, a receptionist refers the call to one of six attorneys.	In an effort to determine whether a caller has reason to sue, Cane lawyers review documents and perform research, if necessary, with the help of three law clerks and several support staffers.	0
Mr. Ngoc, 57 years old, had solid reformist credentials.	He had lost his official position in the association in he early 1980s because he questioned the intrusion of politics into literature.	1
It's a tremendous disappointment.	Allowing the EPA to condone continued use of a chemical whenever the benefits outweigh the risks is absolutely anathema to the environmental community.	1
At this point, the options were: Crunch money to stop the boost in the aggregates, as Sir Alan surely advised, and forget the soaring pound.	To push the pound even lower trying to cure the trade deficit, a policy Britain has repeatedly proved disastrous.	1
The practice of law is a matter of biting one's lip when you live in a small community.	One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut.	1
A subsidiary of a Taiwanese holding company with world-wide sales of $150 million, Giant is one example of the sudden globalization of Mr. Sinyard's once-cozy market niche.	Schwinn Bicycle Co., Chicago, established joint ventures with bike companies in mainland China and Hungary to sell bikes.	0
when, a decade ago, some Marin County bicycle enthusiasts created a hybrid bike using fat tires, lightweight metallurgy and multi-gear technology..They wanted a machine that would allow them to pedal into rugged terrain then inaccessible to cycles.	They got a machine more responsive, more stable and in many ways easier to ride than the thin-tired racing bikes that then were the rage.	0
Robert Guy, an associate curator at the Princeton Art Museum, was previewing a June antiquities sale at the auction house when he recognized the kylix.	The timing of his visit was fortuitous.	0
That's a lot of banishment, as it turns out.	CFCs are the primary ingredient in a gas, often referred to by the Du Pont trade name Freon, which is compressed to liquid form to serve as the cooling agent in refrigeration and air-conditioning equipment.	1
Stock-fund managers, meantime, went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year.	These managers held 9.8% of assets in cash at the end of September, down from 10.2% in August and 10.6% in September 1988.	0
Chevron's net income fell 0.7%, to $417 million, or $1.22 a share, from $420 million, or $1.23 a share.	Results included a $37 million gain from the sale of rights from Chevron's investment in Amax Inc., and a loss of $30 million from the sale of California oil and gas properties.	0
At the low end, investors can spend $15,000 or more to own a racehorse in partnership with others.	At a yearling sale, a buyer can go solo and get a horse for a few thousand dollars.	0
Fierce bidding for young employees in Hong Kong is pushing up Cathay's labor costs by 20% a year for low-level staff, while experienced, skilled employees are leaving the colony as part of the brain drain.	Some jobs already have been moved to Australia, and there are plans to place others in Canada.	1
Mr. Noriega made plans to fly to Washington for a meeting with his counterpart at the Pentagon.	Dade County and federal authorities, learning that he intended to fly through Miami, made plans to arrest him on the gun-running charges as soon as he hit U.S. soil.	0
In August, Asarco, through its Lac d'Amiante du Quebec subsidiary, sold its remaining one-third interest in an asbestos mining limited partnership in Canada for $11.7 million.	it plans to shut down or sell its Rapatee coal mine and will end its involvement in southern Illinois strip mining.	0
The earthquake shattered windows at San Francisco International's air-traffic control tower and rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers, three of whom suffered minor injuries.	Terminals at San Francisco International also were damaged, but the tower itself was intact.	0
The California pension fund's planned investment in the real estate unit is unusual.	Pension funds rarely own as much as a 20% stake in what is expected to be a publicly traded company.	1
But the lovebirds have a conflict.	He wants to continue being a low-paid private eye, and she wants him to live off the million dollars she's settled on him.	1
McCaw said it has secured commitments from three banks to help finance its $125-a-share bid for 22 million of Lin's shares.	McCaw has called for a "fair auction" of LIN, which earlier entered a stock-swap merger pact with BellSouth.	0
And with a labor shortage and intense competitive pressure to improve efficiency, more and more Japanese companies are concluding that they have no choice.	We have too many people in our home offices.	1
the red tape they most love to hate is red tape they would also hate to lose.	that much of the government meddling that torments them is essential to the public good, and even to their own businesses.	1
As long as a decade ago, Mrs. Thatcher declared she didn't want debate in her cabinet; she wanted strong government.	Over the weekend, she said she didn't intend to change her style and denied she is authoritarian.	0
Other stocks hurt by earnings-related selling included Tandy, which dropped 1 3/8 to 44, and Eaton, which retreated 2 1/2 to 57 1/2.	Third-quarter earnings at both companies were below analysts' forecasts.	1
But Judge Leval felt constrained by an earlier decision of the Second Circuit Court forbidding a biographer of J.D. Salinger to quote from Mr. Salinger's personal letters.	He distinguished the two cases.	0
During the past 10 years, Hong Kong's economic growth has averaged 8.3% annually.	Given Hong Kong's record, Mr. Mushkat's "realists" might have sounded unduly conservative when the interviews took place two years ago.	1
Today, Conner controls an estimated 90% of the hard-disk drive market for laptop computers.	The company supplies drives to Compaq and Zenith Data Systems, the top two U.S. manufacturers of laptops, and to Toshiba Corp., NEC Corp. and Sharp Corp., the leading Japanese laptop makers.	0
Rearding the suit over the bank bid, Mr. Peterson says it is filled with "inflammatory language and half truths.	He declines to go into specifics.	0
Fujisawa continued to attract investors because of strong earning prospects stemming from a new immune control agent.	Fujisawa gained 50 to 2,060.	1
Separately, for the first nine months, Soo Line reported a loss of $398,000, or four cents a share, compared with net income of $12.5 million, or $1.32 a share, a year earlier.	Revenue fell 5.8% to $407.9 million from $433.2 million.	0
The ARCO plan takes into account such details as which aspects of business are busier at certain times of the year.	This way, depending on when a quake might strike, priorities can be assigned to departments that should be brought back on line first.	1
For the past decade, NEC Corp. has owned more than half the Japanese PC market and ruled it with near-monopoly power.	With little competition, the computer industry here is inefficient.	1
This leads to a very special sense of urgency.	If the media decide to work harder at educating the public about these complex and technical issues, that hardly can be termed non-objective journalism.	1
Here in the Global Village, though, folks do not stay uninformed for long.	Electrical power was out in still-daylighted Candlestick Park, but battery-operated radios and television sets were plentiful.	1
The infusion of activists can bring a clash of cultures.	In Cherry Hill, the National Abortion Rights Action League targets a union breakfast to build labor support for its cause.	0
The ploy worked.	The defense won.	1
One brown two-year-old filly was wheezing from a cold, while another had splints on its legs, keeping both animals from the racetrack.	You can see the highs and lows of the business all under one roof.	1
Finally, even the time-honored strategy called "value investing" no longer means what it once did.	Before the takeover mania of the '80s, it referred to rooting out through analysis undervalued stocks.	1
He gave up seven hits, walked five and didn't get a decision.	Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year.	0
Golden Nugget, Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. 's first casino client, has borrowed on more than $600 million worth of mortgage notes to build the Mirage.	Other casino owners, Circus Circus among them, are financing their expansion with their own cash and revolving credit lines from local lenders such as First Interstate Bank of Nevada.	0
they expect to price a $150 million, 12-year senior subordinated debenture offering by Imo Industries Inc.	Traders expect the issue to be priced to yield 12%.	0
that there will be no sharing of power with pro-democracy groups.	while dialogue is important, enough forums already exist "in which different interests" can express themselves.	1
Under the reorganization, Ogilvy plans to name one executive on each account as a "client service director" to work as the client's single contact for all those services.	There is little or no integration of our work, quality is spotty, there is no single focus.	1
because "the contract's objectives can't be fulfilled.	Maine regulators' refusal to approve the contract earlier this year halted work on transmission lines and stopped negotiations for resale of electricity carried through Maine to other utilities.	1
Though modest, the change reaches beyond the oil patch, too.	The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration and drove many veteran oil men and companies out of the business also played havoc with the nation's inflation rate, the trade deficit and oil users' corporate and personal budgets.	1
Some, particularly in West Coast earthquake zones, are dusting off their evacuation plans, checking food stocks and reminding employees of what to do if emergency strikes.	they feel confident that steps they've already taken would see them through a disaster.	0
The company's domestic business has performed poorly for years.	the earnings improvement came from cutting costs rather than increasing sales.	0
They accuse the Democrats of unfairly using Senate rules to erect a 60-vote hurdle.	Democrats counter that the Republicans have often used the same rules to suit their own ends.	0
major problems transporting products to those stores that remained open.	no numbers on how many stores closed.	0
The 1989 act simply extends these guarantees to the private sector.	Those who fear a plethora of suits paralyzing our legal system need only look at the record on the Rehabilitation Act.	1
October 13th left us with a cut and exposed nerve.	People are fearful and sensitive.	1
Jaguar and GM hope to win Jaguar shareholders approval for the accord partly by structuring it in a way that wouldn't preclude a full Ford bid once the golden share expires.	There's either a minority {stake} package capable of getting Jaguar shareholder approval or there isn't If there isn't, {the deal} won't be put forward" to shareholders.	0
That obviously means that we won't have enough for all of the emergencies that are now facing us, and we will have to consider appropriate requests for follow-on funding.	The federal government isn't even attempting yet to estimate how much the earthquake will cost it.	0
Afrikaner philosophers and theologians have long ruminated on the need for a white homeland.	The Orange Workers are just putting this preaching into practice.	1
The bursts often occur after they "perturbed" the experiments by raising or lowering the amount of electric current being applied, or switching the current off and on.	that some "anomalous" chemical reactions might be producing the heat.	1
Industry executives and analysts are divided on whether Mr. Phillips is up to the task.	He isn't as well-known to clients as is Mr. Roman.	1
A quake that measures two on the Richter isn't twice as severe as a "one" -- it's 10 times worse..A "three" is 10 times 10 again, and so on.	That put the "seven" of Oct. 17 in perspective for me.	1
We keep a lot of shrines to him around the Pentagon: statues, busts, relics and such.	The Army headquarters on the third deck of the Pentagon used to burn a lot of incense to him.	0
The two executives could hardly be more different.	Mr. Roman comes across as a low-key executive; Mr. Phillips has a flashier personality.	1
The bank said the C$1 billion in reserves will result in a charge of C$595 million against earnings but said it still expects to report a profit for the year ending Tuesday.	The bank reported net income of C$389 million for the nine months ended July 31.	0
One floor trader noted in astonishment that nobody seemed to mind the news that British Airways isn't making a special effort to revive the UAL buy-out.	The announcement of the buy-out's troubles triggered the market's nose dive a week ago.	1
markets aren't as volatile as widely assumed.	the current volatility in U.S. markets pales in comparison to the 1930s.	0
Inventories are creeping up; car inventories are already high, and big auto makers are idling plants.	Takeover fever has cooled, removing a major horse from the market's cart.	0
Ms. Bartlett's little rooms left little room for plants or people.	Kelly/Varnell had put South Gardens' carrying capacity at four people per room, or about 100 humans overall.	0
that it boosted its stake in A.P. Green to 8.7%.	It now holds 233,000 A.P. Green common shares.	1
that it believes the case has no merit, and that HyperCard does not infringe "any valid claims" of the Quickview patents.	it filed an action of its own in federal court in San Jose, Calif., seeking a declaration that Quickview's claims are invalid.	1
True, a succession of Fed chairmen has given color to the notion that the Secretary of the Treasury belongs on the Fed.	By their constant readiness to advise all and sundry about federal budgetary matters the chairmen have encouraged the belief that fiscal policy and monetary policy are ingredients of a common stew, in which case it is natural that the Fed and the Treasury, and probably also the Congress, should be jointly engaged in stirring the pot.	1
Exactly right.	Now's the time to make the political case that Presidents need the line-item weapon to restore discipline to the budget.	1
Still, some lawyers say the mergers slowdown hasn't affected foreign buyers as much as domestic ones.	We just took another floor for our London offices," said Joseph Flom of the New York firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom.	0
The results of the quake certainly raise questions about whether reasonable care was taken.	Given the seismic history of the Bay Area, "it seems to me that a 6.9 earthquake is a foreseeable event.	1
The first time he was shot in the hand as he chased the robbers outside.	The second time he identified two robbers, who were arrested and charged.	0
The operator of fast-food restaurants climbed 3 1/8 to 23 on 944,000 shares.	Its 1.7 million-share offering was priced at 15.	0
Creative accounting is a hallmark of federal credit.	Many agencies roll over their debt, paying off delinquent loans by issuing new loans, or converting defaulted loan guarantees into direct loans.	0
jitters over prospects for junk-bond financing and U.S. leverage buy-outs are making investors more skeptical about Sir James's prospects.	His initial offer indicated he needed to raise as much as 80% of the takeover financing through the debt markets.	1
In 1974, as the U.S. representative to the United Nations, he wrote an introduction to a book on world population in which he boasted of his leadership during his term in Congress in expanding family-planning services for the poor..Running for president in early 1980, he was also quoted as supporting federal funding for abortions in cases of rape, incest and to save the life of the mother In his Rolling Stone interview in 1980, Mr. Bush volunteered his abortion-rights remarks to contrast himself with his rival, Ronald Reagan As Mr. Reagan's running mate, though, Mr. Bush plunged headlong into the anti-abortion position, endorsing a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion Throughout the early 1980s, Mr. Bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of rape and incest and sometimes opposing it.	In April 1986, then-Vice President Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of rape, incest and life endangerment, but that he opposed federal funding in all but the latter case.	0
Stock prices fell broadly in heavy trading, dominated by futures-related program selling and further declines by UAL and other airline stocks.	The Dow Jones industrials closed off 18.65 points, at 2638.73, after plunging over 60.25 points in the morning.	0
Sen. Packwood has offered his capital-gains-cut package as an amendment to a bill that would authorize aid to Poland and Hungary.	Democrats are holding up a vote on the amendment by threatening a filibuster, or extended debate.	0
Fortunately, these same parents do want their children to get a decent education as traditionally understood, and they have enough common sense to know what that demands.	Their commitment to "creativity" cannot survive adolescent illiteracy.	1
The Allianz statement also reinforced the belief that the takeover battle could be a long one.	It led to broad market speculation that Paribas now will sweeten its bid, which is expected to be formally launched later this week, after approval from French government regulators.	0
Tough talk from trade union officials at the conference of the powerful IG Metall metals worker union in West Berlin raised the specter of nationwide strikes next spring.	which could sharply increase the costs for German industry.	0
But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily.	Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did..The U.S. said it would fully support the resistance -- and didn't.	1
To start, there's always a crisis -- and someone always worries, "What if the press gets a hold of this?" At least once an episode we see protestors marching around screaming slogans.	At least once Mancuso's boss yells "In here -- now," and proceeds to dress his investigator down: "You are a dinosaur . . . a hangover in a $10 suit . . . One more word and you are out on a park bench, mister.	0
Luis Carlos relayed Tony's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and, more important, among his officers and instructors.	A spy was born.	1
a giant folly.	Ms. Bartlett's little rooms left little room for plants or people.	1
But the meat-processing machines he picked up are 50 years old.	I don't want expensive machines.	1
Given the structure of most credit programs, it is surprising that default rates are not even higher.	Guarantee rates are typically 100%, giving lenders little reason to screen customers carefully.	0
Even if they could bring in that many new skiers, I don't know if {the industry} could handle that kind of an increase.	Most people will come on the weekend, the slopes will be overcrowded and then these {new skiers} won't come back.	1
In presenting the study late last week, Dr. Warshaw estimated the cost of these types of disorders to business is substantial.	Occupational disability related to anxiety, depression and stress costs about $8,000 a case in terms of worker's compensation.	1
For the nine months, the company had net income of $15.1 million, or 74 cents a share, up 98% from $7.6 million, or 38 cents a share last year.	Revenue grew almost 8% to $301.9 million from $279.8 million last year.	0
Yesterday, four days after an unusual parliamentary defeat for the ruling party, Mr. Gandhi called elections for the lower house of Parliament on Nov. 22 and 24.	The elections will be held in different states on one of the two days.	0
Caution should . . . be the rule of the day.	It would be damaging to industry and to the financial sector in general, to say nothing of banks, if prudence does not guide the financing of leveraged transactions.	1
After prodding from Mr. Sanford, U.S. Attorney Jack Eskenazi pleaded with Justice Department officials in Washington to let the indictment proceed.	Unfortunately," Mr. Eskenazi wrote in a letter, "those of us in law enforcement in Miami find ourselves frequently attempting to enforce the laws of the United States but simultaneously being caught between foreign policy considerations over which we have no control.	0
Mazda has the Bongo truck and, under its Autozam nameplate, a "microvan" called the Scrum.	Its buglike Carol minicar is "designed with softness, gentleness and warmheartedness.	0
California prices were already coming down.	This isn't going to help.	1
it selected him for the posts of president and chief executive on a permanent basis because of his experience in the industry and his performance at Par.	Mr. Sawyer had "taken significant steps" to restore the company's credibility and sense of professionalism and integrity.	0
he isn't trying to catch up to Donnelley, which has annual sales of over $3 billion.	Size doesn't matter.	1
Institutions are herding animals.	We watch the same indicators and listen to the same prognosticators.	1
Norman Young, a "mud-logger" at the Sniper well, has worked all but about nine days of this year.	Last year, "I was off a straight month, then one time for two to three weeks and another two to three weeks.	0
As it is, waiting lists of a month aren't unusual for popular models.	Demand is so strong that all of the domestic makers -- Hyundai, Kia Motors Corp., Daewoo Motor Co. and even upstart SsangYong Motor Co. -- plan to build more factories.	0
One option the board is likely to consider today is some sort of cooling-off period.	Although the pilots are expected to continue to pursue the bid, UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf may be asked to withdraw from the buy-out effort, at least temporarily, and to return to running the company full time.	1
With this year's dislocations in China and the Soviet Union, and the drive to democracy in Poland and Hungary, the East German leadership grew still more defensive.	Politburo member Joachim Herrman confessed to a "grave concern" over Hungarian democracy.	0
and they saw magazines as soft.	Now they realize magazines are as much a franchise as Nabisco is a franchise.	0
Pinnacle West Capital fell 1 5/8 to 9 1/8 on 2.1 million shares to lead the Big Board's list of most active issues.	Growing pressures on the Arizona real-estate market are affecting the thrift.	1
the most likely suitor for Saab now is Fiat.	Saab and Fiat have worked together in the past.	1
It's more than just travel.	People have a sense the government is ignoring the real problems in our society.	0
When it did a half-hour into the session, it was priced at $150 a share, down more than $28 from Monday's close.	It sank further to as low as $145.	0
The big one is still due.	The Bay Area has three very dangerous faults, the San Andreas, the Hayward fault and the Calaveras fault.	1
Chemical Bank had made arrangements for 23 other banks to provide $509 million in bank financing for the buy-out offer.	Chemical and six other banks, along with First Boston, are providing the rest of the $1.6 billion.	0
that for many investors, the get-rich-quick scams carry a longed-for element of excitement.	Once people got into it, I was allowing them to live a dream.	1
The GAO has recommended the creation of a system to record trade data so that an independent, verifiable audit trail can be established to prevent customer fraud.	The Merc is now cooperating with the Comex in developing such a device to provide such an audit trail.	0
Nowhere have eyes been opened wider than at CBS News.	At 555 W. 57th St. in Manhattan, one floor below the offices of "60 Minutes," the most successful prime-time news program ever, actors wait in the reception area to audition for "Saturday Night With Connie Chung.	0
but it wasn't clear when the normal 750-car-a-day pace will resume.	Plant officials are still assessing damage to parts suppliers and Port of Oakland facilities that handle shipments to the plant.	1
Mr. Thornburgh's plan will needlessly break up longtime, tightly knit crime-fighting units that have successfully prosecuted major organized-crime figures.	that organized-crime activity will increase once the units are dissolved and their responsibilities transferred to U.S. attorneys' offices.	0
The incident wasn't the only time the judge got special treatment from his local bank.	Two years later, he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $10,000 loan was "absolutely onerous." Paul L. Kane, Laurel's president at the time, quickly responded..The bank, he wrote back, was "immediately" lowering the rate by 3.5%, "as a concession to you.	1
That isn't surprising.	Regular TV series ratings have slumped in the past five years, and premiering new shows is "a crap shoot.	1
there were still several uncertainties, particularly regarding possible side effects.	Our antibody specifically killed infected cells at a very low dose, but it can also kill other cells.	0
Sitco had customarily tapped the Japanese bond market for funds, but it can't do that any longer.	the company is strapped for cash.	1
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 175.2 million shares.	Declining issues on the Big Board outstripped gainers 1,141 to 406.	0
At the end of their day, they are zombies.	They have to work such long hours.	1
Don't take this as some big opening for major movement on economic cooperation, or arms control, or the environment.	Those things will all come up, but in a fairly informal way.	1
The RTC is trying to sell FADA's network of offices separately.	FADA is being liquidated.	1
Stock funds, like the market as a whole, generally dropped more than 2% in the week through last Thursday, according to figures compiled by Lipper Analytical Services Inc.	That reflects the huge drop a week ago Friday, last Monday's rebound and the dips and blips that followed.	0
Farm income is 15% below the average..The young leave, especially girls who won't milk cows by hand.	Some men stay, their best friend a bottle of vodka, but two million acres have gone fallow.	1
For harried public-land managers across the nation, the response is increasingly to shut the gates.	The state of California, following the lead of some regional parks, recently adopted regulations that closed nearly all hiking paths in state parks to mountain bicycles.	0
it downgraded Financiere Credit Suisse-First Boston's senior and subordinated Swiss debt to single-A-2 from single-A-1 and lowered Financiere CSFB N.V.'s junior subordinated perpetual Eurodebt, guaranteed by Financiere Credit Suisse -- First Boston, to single-A-3 from single-A-2.	About $550 million of long-term debt is affected, according to Moody's.	1
Even the boon to affiliate relations may be limited.	The sports lineup may add only 1% to 5% to a station's annual profits.	1
Electrical products' sales fell to $496.7 million from $504.5 million with higher world-wide lighting volume offset by lower domestic prices and the impact of weaker currencies in Europe and South America.	Operating profit of $37.2 million was unchanged.	0
it lost its bid to supply software services to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field, Calif.	NASA selected another bidder for final negotiations.	1
on charges of which a jury had acquitted him.	In 1983, Mr. Hastings was found not guilty of accepting a $150,000 bribe in a case before him, the central charge on which the Senate convicted him.	0
they would educate our children better if only they got a few thousand dollars a year more.	It is the kind of libel the teachers' unions don't mind spreading, for their own narrow purposes.	0
Mr. Taylor's victory was an embarrassment for both state and national Republicans.	Mr. Anderson, a former Lott aide, received campaign assistance from the senator and from President Bush.	1
he will watch the numbers to get an inkling of whether consumers' general buying habits may slack off as much as their auto-buying apparently has.	that higher gasoline prices will help buoy the October totals.	0
In the early stage of checking people with incomes exceeding $500,000 who were filing nonresident returns, it squeezed $7.5 million out of a man who was posing as a Florida resident.	we can reclaim hundreds of millions of dollars just through the nonresident project.	1
he was tailing them as subversives.	This is not the "Mississippi Burning" scenario that thrills his young colleagues.	1
it's willing to bid for all of Jaguar, despite the objections of Jaguar chairman Sir John Egan.	that Ford may try to force the issue by calling for a special shareholder's meeting and urging that the government and Jaguar holders remove the barriers to a full bidding contest before December 1990.	1
Toshiba Corp., for example, is spending $986 million on two new plants to build four-megabit dynamic random access memories, the next generation of computer chips.	but Toshiba, which has already beaten everyone else in producing the current-generation one-megabit DRAMs, believes that its early investment will heighten its chances of beating its competitors again.	1
We are being over-magazined.	We are constantly faced with deciding which partnerships {with magazines} we can keep.	1
Friday's sell-off was a good thing, because it deflated a lot of crazy takeover speculation.	It was a healthy cleansing.	0
its consumer finance unit agreed in September to settle a civil suit with the California attorney general over alleged improper lending and sales practices.	the company recorded a pretax charge of $24 million during the fourth quarter of 1988.	1
Sears faces an especially daunting challenge on the eve of the Christmas shopping season.	everyday pricing in the current environment doesn't work.	1
Pfizer posted its largest gains in healthcare sales, up 3%, and consumer products, up 23%.	Sales by the specialty chemicals and materials science segments were flat, and sales by the agriculture segment declined 5%.	0
it will petition the FCC decision in federal court.	We believe that the court will find it unlawful.	1
that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs.	While recognizing that professional environmentalists may feel threatened, I intend to urge that UV-B be monitored whenever I can.	1
For example, if wheat is being offered at $4.065 and bid at $4.060, a market order to buy would be filled at the higher price and a market order to sell at the lower price.	that some floor brokers at the two largest Chicago commodity exchanges used market orders to fill customers' orders at unfavorable prices by arranging trades with fellow brokers.	0
We aren't forced sellers.	We don't have an absolute deadline.	1
But the stock market swings have continued.	The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock-fund environment in the coming months.	0
But the agency hasn't yanked psyllium off store shelves.	If the FDA approves the new uses of psyllium, other companies are expected to rush to market with psyllium products.	0
We wanted to show it's okay if you fall.	Most people think if you slip, you'll wind up in a body cast.	1
Maybe it's not that simple.	For starters, racehorse buyers have to remember the basic problem of such ventures: These beasts don't come with warranties.	1
Self-sufficiency has to be the cornerstone of your plan.	If you don't save your critical people, you won't be able to bring up your vital business functions.	1
Mr. Dinkins concedes nothing in his ability to stumble and bumble.	He can match Jackie Mason with his own Robert "Sonny" Carson, an angry street organizer who was convicted of kidnapping in 1974.	0
I assume those accounts are closed.	he'd want to give out his current account numbers.	1
as a capital-draining and labor-intensive business with limited potential.	In the past five years, USX has turned steel into a profit maker by closing several plants and reducing labor costs..But the short-term outlook is so-so.	1
At least six of Arizona's 12 savings and loan institutions have either been taken over by the government's conservatorship program or are essentially insolvent.	they are sitting on enormous unrecognized losses.	1
Japanese air-conditioner maker Daikin Industries Ltd. was fined two million yen ($14,000) for exporting to the Soviet Union a chemical solution that could be used in missile-guidance systems.	A Daikin executive in charge of exports when the high-purity halogenated hydrocarbon was sold to the Soviets in 1986 received a suspended 10-month jail sentence.	0
The aerospace concern earned $28.8 million, or 61 cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales in the latest period were $1.25 billion, down from $1.36 billion in the 1988 quarter.	0
The fibers business now accounts for only 20% of Akzo's sales.	We have definitely become less cyclical.	1
What's more some Chinese exporters from state-run enterprises are protesting the crackdown by dragging their feet on soliciting new business.	They are angry about the government . . . so they hold back the goods.	0
Retired Adm. William J. Crowe, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and Robert P. Luciano, chairman and chief executive officer of Schering-Plough Corp., were elected directors of this securities firm.	The board expanded to 17 seats.	1
his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars (US$8.5 million) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux.	his suit against Enfield seeks two years severance pay, equivalent to C$720,000.	0
I'm not sure he's explained everything.	There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain.	0
as Mr. Apple and I did the other night on ABC's "Nightline.	Punching away, we raised what I still think were all the right issues and landed more than one hard blow.	0
London was weak throughout Friday's trading.	The FT-SE 100 largely remained within an 11-point range establshed within the first hour of trading before it eased to an intraday low late in the session when a flurry of program selling pushed Wall Street lower.	0
they are generally stable in Europe.	A decline may come in the first half of 1990 but the market doesn't appear on the verge of a severe downturn.	1
Newport Beach fits the scam artists' specifications perfectly.	What more could a con man in search of the easy life ask for.	1
and even better, the Czech soprano Gabriela Benackova.	She was in her most radiant, expressive voice.	1
They are often closed to the public and no minutes are taken.	Members find it easy to doctor legislation by slipping in special provisions that could never survive in the cold light of day.	1
One color photo displays a rainbow of dress shirts tied in a knot; another picture shows neckties with bold designs.	The message is loud and clear: This is not your father's Brooks Brothers.	1
But some analysts say Salomon has turned the corner.	I upgraded the firm to my buy list because I certainly see signs of improvement," says Lawrence Eckenfelder, an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities.	0
that even if CBS loses, say, $10 million, it matters little.	Ten million ain't jack, man, when you got $3 billion sitting in the bank.	1
For each poll, the odds are 19 out of 20 that if pollsters had sought to survey every household in the U.S. using the same questionnaire, the findings would differ from these poll results by no more than 2 1/2 percentage points in either direction.	The margin of error for subgroups -- for example, married women with children at home -- would be larger.	0
Many people in Poland hope this government will break down.	That's what the naczelnik counts on.	0
This cannot be solved by provoking a further downturn; reducing the supply of goods does not solve inflation.	Our advice is this: Immediately return the government surpluses to the economy through incentive-maximizing tax cuts, and find some monetary policy target that balances both supply and demand for money.	1
The bottom line is that if we can get that {Warsaw Pact} superiority brought down to parity, we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible.	about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate.	1
For longer-term CDs, yields were up.	The average two-year and five-year jumbos were up 0.02 of a percentage point to 7.91% and 7.96%, respectively.	0
He visits the same department every two or three weeks.	His massage chair is kept in a closet, and a secretary escorts him past security.	0
It's hard to know if people are responding truthfully.	People are too embarrassed to say they haven't done anything.	1
But quick turnover in artwork is "like pawning your jewelry -- you end up with 50%.	People hold out and try to get a bargain.	1
The Revco bonds are high-yield, high-risk "junk" bonds.	holders have $750 million in claims against Revco.	0
in what was an effort to get Mr. Lorin to implicate Mr. Laff.	that Mr. Lorin was the "real master criminal" behind the stock manipulation, and that Mr. Laff knew nothing about it.	0
and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons, down from 125,000 tons in June.	The high point of foreigners' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April, according to Mr. Demler.	0
that may be similar to the material from which the solar system was formed 4.6 billion years ago.	Jupiter is so enormous that its gravity may have trapped these primordial gases and never let them escape.	1
let go half a dozen financial executives.	WPP instituted a new financial system and plans to sublet some floors in Ogilvy's new headquarters building to outsiders.	0
Among the subsidies continued in the transportation bill is $30.7 million to maintain commercial air service for an estimated 92 communities, often in rural areas.	Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd (D., W.Va.) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House.	1
But Mr. Dinkins's economic planks don't seem to bother the business community.	Steven Spinola, president of the Real Estate Board of New York, an industry organization, says Mr. Dinkins's "economic development program is shortsighted, but when it comes down to it, he can be reasonable.	0
ts valuation methodologies "are recognized as some of the best on the Street.	Not a lot was needed to be done.	1
Turkey's legislature elected Prime Minister Ozal as the country's first civilian president since 1960, opening the way for a change of government under a new premier he will select.	The vote in Ankara was boycotted by opposition politicians, who vowed to oust Ozal.	0
Either he wasn't being real in the past, or he isn't being real right now.	Either way, I have a problem with how quickly he's changed.	0
that his company had opposed the Chapter 11 filing.	the company believed Qintex Entertainment's financial problems could have been resolved by other means.	1
Federal Reserve officials sent another signal of their determination to shore up investor confidence.	In an apparent attempt to keep a lid on short-term interest rates, the Fed once again pumped money into the banking system.	0
I've ripped out a lot of Delicious" and grafted the trees with many different shoots.	I've got 70 kinds of apples.	1
Your story is an insult to the citizens of the Mississippi Delta.	Many of the problems you presented exist in every part of this country.	1
For example, China's hard-currency income is expected to suffer from the big drop in tourist arrivals since June 4.	Revenue from tourism this year is projected to total $1.3 billion, down from $2.2 billion last year.	0
The apparent crash became top secret, and the alien creatures went away upset with the rude ways of human beings.	We lost our chance to communicate with sweet-natured visitors "about four feet tall {who} looked as though they were made of puffed-up marshmallow.	1
But previous sales have often been sales of shares purchased through the exercise of stock options and sold six months later, as soon as allowed.	The most recent sales don't appear to be option-related.	0
it lowered its rating on about $400 million of this bank holding company's senior debt to B2 from Ba3.	Moody's said it expects Valley National, of Phoenix, Ariz., to make substantial further provisions against its real-estate portfolio, and that it continues to suffer from the high cost of carrying nonperforming assets, and from high loan-loss provisions.	1
he told NewsEdge to look for stories containing such words as takeover, acquisition, acquire, LBO, tender, merger, junk and halted.	I'm pretty confident I'm catching everything.	1
By concentrating all their resources on the pay raise, Wright and Tower, the networks actually overlooked some major stories that showed the flaws and shortcomings of the institution.	An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast-moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in, say, West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not.	0
The most active shares were major blue-chips.	the action in them largely to defensive positioning in a volatile market.	1
Sometimes a shakeout is healthy.	People will learn to be more circumspect.	1
that nearly 90% of planners receive some or all of their income from sales commissions on securities, insurance and other financial products they recommend.	The issue: Is the planner putting his clients into the best investments, or the ones that garner the biggest commissions.	1
its amended pension program will nearly double to 34,000 the number of managers eligible to retire with immediate pension payments.	about one-third of its eligible managers to retire under the new program.	0
For the six months ended Aug. 12, Provigo posted net income of C$6.5 million, or eight Canadian cents a share, compared with C$18.1 million, or 21 Canadian cents a share, a year earlier..Sales were C$4.2 billion compared with C$3.7 billion.	Last month, Canadian Bond Rating Service downgraded Provigo's commercial paper and debentures because of its lackluster performance.	1
Explosions shook a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena, Texas, hurling debris and causing a fire visible from 10 miles away.	More than 100 people were injured, and a number of workers were missing.	1
But even a little appeal has a lot of attraction these days.	GM's Pontiac division is offering a turbo-charged V-6 engine on its Grand Prix model, even though it expects to sell only about 4,000 cars equipped with that option.	0
RJR Holdings Capital Corp. 's 14.7% bonds due 2009 fell one point.	Other RJR issues fell between 1/2 point and 1 1/2 point.	0
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349; 224 issues were unchanged.	Investors mostly took a wait-and-see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign-currency market and New York stocks.	1
As a model of capitalist efficiency on southern China's doorstep, Hong Kong's prospects look good.	China's land and labor offer inexpensive alternatives to local industry.	1
Last Friday, after Congress passed it anyway, he hinted he was looking for compromise.	Was the man who once was pro-choice, but later pro-life, converting again.	1
It would be a shame to have a Chapter 7 after all the progress in this case.	Under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code, a company continues to operate under protection from creditors' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay its debts.	1
We will vigorously oppose the bill.	(the reorganization is) going to happen.	1
While IBM has traditionally dominated the market for computers on the business side of manufacturing operations and has done well in the market for design tools, Digital has dominated computerized manufacturing.	Hewlett-Packard Co. also has begun to gain share in the whole computer-integrated-manufacturing arena.	0
There's still a lot of pressure on rates in both rail and truck.	Less-than-truckload companies discounted away a 4.7% rate increase implemented last April.	0
who isn't new to the character.	He was Mr. Hoffman in a 1979 Los Angeles production of a play called "The Chicago Conspiracy Trial.	1
We had a management breakdown in 1987 in terms of compliance.	We recognized the problem and took care of it.	0
But many Californians may not have adequate insurance coverage to pay for damages to their property.	fewer than one of every five California homeowners has earthquake insurance.	0
The Amira transaction is typical of the way venture-capital firms are approaching the task of commercializing biotechnology research.	While universities develop the basic research, "venture capitalists are the ones best positioned to finance its commercialization.	1
Renaissance, a Cincinnati-based money manager, began buying stocks again this week with half of the $1.8 billion that it oversees for clients, according to people familiar with the firm's revised strategy.	It was the first time since January that Renaissance has thought stocks are worth owning.	0
That's because the male part, the tassel, and the female, the ear, are some distance apart on the corn plant.	In a labor-intensive process, the seed companies cut off the tassels of each plant, making it male sterile..They sow a row of male-fertile plants nearby, which then pollinate the male-sterile plants.	1
A cultural center has been built, shops.	Suddenly, I am not a comfortable man for Solidarity.	0
In the belief that development of advanced military technology will remain a top Defense Department priority, ERC last year acquired W.J. Schafer Associates, a technical and scientific analysis company with contracts under the Strategic Defense Initiative.	While the SDI anti-missile program recently awarded W.J. Schafer two contracts totaling $13.4 million, ERC's chairman and founder, Jack Aalseth, says he bought the company "more for its technology than its customer.	1
The Egg King carries written instructions to break only high-grade eggs that have been properly sanitized and, as an added precaution, to use the eggs only in products that will be cooked enough to kill bacteria.	With nearly 4,000 machines in use, there have been no salmonella problems as long as instructions were followed.	0
Despite all these innovations, most of the diamonds are still found in the sand swept away by the men wielding shovels and brushes.	they are supposed to concentrate on cleaning out crevices, and not strain their eyes looking for diamonds.	0
One of Mr. Roberts's observations is that the Bank's own loan portfolio is in deep trouble because of its lending to developing countries.	This is just not so.	0
There's still room for boutique properties.	Off the Strip, MarCor is building the Rio, a hotel-casino with a Brazilian theme and only 430 rooms -- all of them suites.	1
It was not until the early 1970s that Cambridge Prof..Harry Whittington and two sharp graduate students began to publish a reinterpretation of the Burgess Shale.	By making clever inferences about how the squashed and distorted fossil remains corresponded to three-dimensional structures, this trio was able to piece together a series of wondrous beasties quite unlike anything currently on the planet.	0
On Capitol Hill, though, there doesn't seem to be sufficient sentiment to pair capital gains and the deficit-reduction bill.	I don't see how we have the votes" to place a capital-gains tax cut there.	0
Mr. Tomlin tried to steer to Sperry a multimillion dollar contract to computerize maintenance of certain Navy electronics equiment.	Mr. Tomlin, among other things, illegally provided Mr. Lavelle with inside information and documents intended to give Sperry an unfair advantage in the competition.	0
The number of correct responses was 45% on the test and school absences didn't change much.	The pilot program was received well (by teachers and students), but there wasn't reason enough to sign up.	1
others only recently left active status.	No one has worked out the players' average age, but most appear to be in their late 30s.	0
Mutinies wrack his armed forces (really just an armed gang), which control less than half the country..Inflation is at record levels..Desperate, he has called in the Libyans to help fight the rebels of the Somali National Movement in the north, which is only one of several groups picking away at the regime in the capital of Mogadishu.	President Barre has a power base, composed only of his minority Mareham clan, that according to observers is "narrowing.	0
A landslide engulfed a hillside slum in Sao Paulo, Brazil, and at least 20 people, most of them children, were missing and feared dead.	The city's mayor vowed to take legal action against developers who had been excavating at the crest of the hill.	1
but can audiences really enjoy them only if the music is purged of threatening elements, served up in bite-sized morsels and accompanied by visuals.	What's next.	0
On the corporate front, Ford Motor announced that it raised its stake in U.K. luxury car maker Jaguar to 10.4% from 5%.	Jaguar shares jumped 23 before easing to close at 654, up 6.	0
There isn't any doubt that the thread of the '86 code has been given a mighty tug.	You'll see the annual unraveling of it.	0
And now he's busily trying to explain an arrangement in which he sold stock in Inner City Broadcasting Co., headed by his old friend and patron, Percy Sutton, to his son, David Dinkins Jr., for $58,000.	He had valued the shares at more than $1 million two years earlier.	1
Some credit concerns, such as Bernard Sands Credit Consultants Inc., have told clients not to ship anything to Federated or Allied stores on credit.	This is especially true for spring merchandise.	0
As a result, the group's third-quarter loss widened to $9.8 million from the second quarter's $3.6 million.	Pittston continues to hire replacement workers.	0
Critics of the present arrangement are correct to say that it is undemocratic.	What is undemocratic is the unwillingness of the more political parts of the government to take the responsibility for deciding the basic question of monetary policy.	0
hurting profits that the parent had generated in the past from periodic sales from its portfolio.	Real estate operating income for the first nine months fell to $71.9 million from $143 million a year earlier.	0
next year to be a fairly soft year in newspaper-industry advertising.	Next year, earnings will hold steady, but we just don't see a big turnaround in the trend in advertising.	1
The only reason that Somalia remains in obscurity is numbers: a sparsely populated wasteland of 8.5 million people spread out over an expanse nearly the size of Texas.	The Barre dictatorship simply is limited in the amount of people it can torture and kill.	1
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Northrop shares closed at $21.125, off 25 cents.	General Dynamics closed at $54.875, up 50 cents.	0
In both games I got exactly what I wanted.	What he had demonstrated is that there's more to chess than sheer calculation.	0
It is not the kind of thing that is likely to be enacted, however.	Congress would be required to make a hard decision, and Congress would much prefer to leave the hard decision to the Fed and retain its rights of complaint after the fact.	1
She ran it the length of the South Gardens riverfront, blotting out the city's great natural water features, the harbor and the river.	Within her garden, she has decreed a waterfall, a rill, ponds and other costly, trivial waterworks beside the Hudson.	0
that a president needs the ability to surgically remove pork-barrel spending projects that are attached to big omnibus spending bills.	Those bills can't easily be vetoed in their entirety because they often are needed to keep the government operating.	1
The network's own production company, NBC Productions, supplies a half-hour family-oriented show titled "Saved By The Bell.	NBC Productions or NBC News could supply the network with other Saturday morning shows, a move that would control costs.	0
However, the resolve of some of the striking 57,000 machinists might be weakening.	About 1,000 strikers signed petitions last week calling for Boeing and Machinists representatives to schedule new meetings.	1
As a "good-will measure," the pilots had been working four extra hours a month and had agreed to fly UAL's two new Boeing 747-400 aircraft.	It's uncertain if the pilots will continue to do so without a contract settlement.	0
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab's computers.	After discovering that the hacker had taken over the dormant account of a legitimate user named Joe Sventek, he rigged up an alarm system, including a portable beeper, to alert him when Sventek came on the line.	0
As for the ride back to camp, our pilot and all the other French-speaking passengers clambered into the chase car.	My American companion and I were left to ride alfresco in the wicker basket.	0
Some have raised their cash positions to record levels.	High cash positions help buffer a fund when the market falls.	1
It also is trying to shore up its tobacco business.	Brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises now make up just 40% of the French tobacco market.	1
that as many as 70% of projects that had obtained approval to proceed have been canceled in recent months.	There are virtually no new projects, and that means no new business for us.	1
the purchase was aimed at consolidating his control of the company.	MCA strongly opposed the Drabinsky group's move.	0
There was a roll of laughter through the stands.	They're filming right now at the bank down the street, and they want shots of people getting out of cars and kids on skateboards.	0
The family's long absence is understandable.	The family was in Allied countries during both World War I and the long period of economic strife of the 1920s.	1
Subsequently, however, the ill effects are likely to be offset, at least in economic terms, as construction activity begins.	Because of the way the government keeps its books, the damage to the Bay Bridge, however costly, won't be counted as a minus.	0
But when the dollar rises against major foreign currencies, as it did for much of this year, the dollar value of these funds declines.	All three funds posted negative returns for the year to date.	1
People say they swim, and that may mean they've been to the beach this year.	It's hard to know if people are responding truthfully.	1
But further major advances on the Nikkei aren't foreseen this week by market observers.	Investors are still waiting to see how the U.S. government will decide on interest rates and how the dollar will be stabilized.	1
That is gilding the lily.	The fact is that as a savings or investment vehicle, insurance generally runs a poor second to any direct investment you might make in the same things the insurance company is putting your money into.	1
issuers of mortgage securities retain the right to buy back their bonds before maturity.	That's a headache for long-term investors, since it forces them to reinvest their money.	1
Backlog at General Dynamics rose to $16.5 billion from $15.8 billion.	Its interest expense surged to $21.5 million from $12.4 million.	0
But Sony is a problem.	Warner is particularly concerned about the prospect of a huge Japanese company controlling important segments of the U.S. entertainment business.	1
The businesses subscribing to Mr. Laband's effective price system will be remembered when normalcy returns.	Perhaps, considering the value of our time, we will be unable to patronize their establishments in the post-Hugo era.	0
Earlier, Japan had said it might file a reservation against the ivory ban decided by ballot at the 103-nation United Nations Conference on International Trade in Endangered Species in Switzerland last week.	The Japanese use 40% of the world's ivory.	1
They want to do more.	I wish them all the best.	1
Municipal bonds are generally a bit safer than corporate bonds in a recession, but not as safe as bonds issued by the federal government.	During an economic slump, local tax revenues often go down, raising the risks associated with at least some municipals.	1
The Chicago Merc banned dual trading in its Standard & Poor's 500-stock index futures pit in 1987.	Under the rules, traders decide before a session begins whether they will trade for their own account or for customers.	1
Keep some money available for opportunities.	If the recession does hit, there will be some great investment opportunities just when things seem the blackest.	1
Gradually, however, lower courts and prosecutors have pushed this definition to its breaking point.	Consider the facts underlying the 1989 conviction of Robert Chestman.	0
that a growing number of critics are challenging the FDA bioequivalence-therapeutic-equivalence equation.	it is based on an assumption that has not yet been proven in valid tests.	1
Landfill can be done if it's properly compacted.	You can drive piles on it and build on it.	0
Ford has signaled it might acquire a majority interest later.	I'm not obligated to sit down and talk to anybody.	0
He does this in at least three of his solo pieces.	You might call it a leitmotif or a virtuoso accomplishment.	1
So much, too, for the notion that we humans triumphed in the Darwinian struggle by evolving big brains.	Our mammalian forerunners lucked out through the extraterrestrial impact that did in the dinosaurs because they were small, not smart.	0
We have too many people in our home offices.	Productivity in Japanese offices is relatively low.	1
Friday, Qintex Entertainment Inc., a 43%-owned U.S. affiliate, filed for protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.	that the move would further shake creditor confidence in Qintex Australia and force it to sell assets.	1
Unlike the Maronites, Israel's Jews will not let themselves become the weakest force in a system of private armies.	Jerusalem will become Belfast before it becomes Beirut.	1
But he isn't worried.	He will compensate with the guile learned from his years in the majors.	1
But he couldn't sell any.	Japanese stock salesmen selling American bonds.	1
That won't be an easy task.	Tradition is dictator at Lloyd's.	1
Defenders say futures make markets more efficient and provide ways for investors to reduce risks.	They note that stocks experienced volatile swings long before futures.	0
In France, more than half the top 25 blue-chip stocks didn't open until Wall Street rallied late in the European trading day.	The rally transformed some big sell orders into big buy orders, solving an order-imbalance problem.	1
I'm using it a lot.	I spent so much money that if I look at it, and I'm not on it, I feel guilty.	0
that while other appeals courts have ruled differently on whether cleanup costs are damages, the influence of the appeals court in New York "will make insurers sit up and listen.	the decision was the first in which a federal appeals court has ruled whether administrative government proceedings qualify as litigation.	1
The earthquake is likely to reduce GNP negligibly in the near term.	The first effects are, of course, negative as work is disrupted and people lose income and cut spending.	1
Use of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law against white-collar defendants, as opposed to alleged organized-crime figures, has come under attack from some defense lawyers and legal scholars.	that the law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea bargains.	1
when short-term interest rates were moving steadily upward.	The average seven-day compound yield of the funds reached 9.62% in late April.	0
ShowBiz Pizza Time gained 1 1/2 to 13.	The company reported third-quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share, compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier.	1
A National Guard job assumed by Capt. Noriega in 1964 -- as chief of the transit police in David City, capital of the Chiriqui Province -- was tailor-made for an aspiring super-spy.	By pressuring taxi and bus drivers who needed licenses, he gained a ready cache of information.	1
Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" may be visiting some new venues in the near future.	Judge Robert ("Maximum Bob") Potter sentenced Jim Bakker to 45 years in the big house yesterday, while a Beverly Hills judge tucked away Zsa Zsa Gabor for three days, plus 120 hours of work with homeless women.	1
In West Germany, investors stayed on the sidelines as the bond market searched for direction.	The government's 7% issue due October 1999 fell 0.05 point to 99.90 to yield 7.01%.	0
this is a situation of very careful businessmen making judgments about the worth of product and acting on it.	I would tend to trust their judgment.	1
Whatever people want to buy, I'll sell.	The name of the game is to move goods.	1
Now is the time to reform the government from a provider, developing-country vanguard role to that of a modern, industrialized nation in which consumers have the ultimate choice.	If the LDP, as currently composed, can't make the transformation, then it should split into two parties.	1
that Jaguar shares were being temporarily suspended at 746 pence ($11.80) each.	that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar.	1
If the market refocuses on earnings, we should get better valuations of growth stocks.	Eventually investors will be willing to pay higher prices for companies with proven track records of earnings growth.	1
In the nine months, net fell 6.3% to $427.7 million, or $3.98 a share, from $456.4 million, or $4 a share, a year earlier.	Profit from continuing operations in the year-earlier period was $402.7 million.	0
MCI claims about 12% of the overall long-distance telephone market but just under 10% of the $23 billion residential market.	It has been trying to improve its share of the residential market.	1
Having argued that Galileo's plutonium power source could have released lethal doses of radiation if the shuttle exploded yesterday, they weren't quieted by yesterday's successful launch.	Galileo will skim past Earth in 1990 and 1992, collecting energy from the planet's gravitational field to gain momentum for its trip to Jupiter.	1
If we do have an economic slowdown companies with high debt ratios will be dumped en masse.	The best course for individual investors is to sell these stocks now.	1
The company's on a roll.	No other {computer} vendor offers graphics performance that good for their price.	1
that he would be watching exchange rates carefully.	A sinking pound makes imports more expensive.	1
Right now, Federated owes us a considerable amount of money.	We expect they will be current with their debts by the end of the week.	0
The weaker he gets, the more he turns toward the U.S. for help.	While the Tigreans are communists, like the Eritreans they are among the most anti-Soviet guerrillas in the world.	1
The market is sending nervous signals," says Peter J. Canelo, chief market strategist for Bear, Stearns & Co., and it's "unwise" to be overcommitted to stocks.	Alan Weston, president of Weston Capital Management, a Los Angeles money-management firm, adds that in periods of uncertainty like today, "it's a good time to cut out the dead branches of your portfolio.	0
HomeFed had been one of the handful of large West Coast thrifts that in recent quarters had counteracted interest-rate problems dogging the industry by keeping a lid on problem assets and lending heavily into the furious California housing market.	Analysts had been projecting fully diluted earnings in the third quarter in the range of about $1.30 a share.	0
Commentators would fret over the implications for the G-7 coordination process and the stability of world financial markets.	Because commercial banks and the developing-country governments believe they will get a piece of any capital increase, a scaled-down IMF mission would leave both feeling shortchanged.	0
But it isn't clear how long GM would be willing to fight Ford for Jaguar.	Because of their longstanding rivalry, GM just "wants to make sure Ford pays a huge packet for (Jaguar.	1
It has been trying to improve its share of the residential market.	The company wants its business mix to more closely match that of AT&T -- a step it says will help prevent cross subsidization.	1
Banco Exterior was one of the last banks to create a brokerage house before the four Spanish stock exchanges underwent sweeping changes in July.	The late start may be a handicap for the bank as Spain continues to open up its market to foreign competition.	1
Article I, Section 7, Clause 3 says that whether it's called an "order, resolution or vote" or anything else, Presidents must have the chance to veto.	Labeling an omnibus budget a "bill" can't deprive the President of his power to veto items.	1
But the utility may not continue next year.	We're on a tight budget.	1
That's where the two scripts would diverge.	In affidavits filed in Los Angeles Superior Court in connection with the $1 billion breach-of-contract suit Warner brought against Sony for hiring the two producers, Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters tell one story..Warner tells another.	1
In the early 1970s, when the "world food crisis" was a major worry, Phillips Petroleum Co., like several other big companies, began developing "single-cell protein," edible protein made by microbes feeding on non-edible materials.	Phillips found and improved a yeast, "Pichia pastoris," which made protein from natural gas-derived alcohol.	0
Recent data from New York City provide more of the picture.	While by no means the highest crime community in the country, New York is a prime example of a city where crime strangles small-business development.	0
His family was given three hours to leave before the house and contents were confiscated.	With only the clothes they were wearing, family members moved to a home owned by one of Mr. Chan's sons.	1
The only people who are flying are those who have to.	How is a travel agent going to sell a holiday when he cannot guarantee a return flight.	0
Skeptics wonder whether mega-resorts such as the Mirage will be able to squeeze a profit from their cash flow.	The Mirage will cost at least $1 million a day to operate.	1
that the unrecognized inflationary culprit is the budget surplus.	that the retirement of gilts for cash is equivalent to an expansionary open-market operation.	1
because of hemorrhaging at its First Interstate Bank of Arizona unit.	the unit, bludgeoned by Arizona's worsening real-estate woes, will have a $174 million loss for the quarter.	0
the market's gyrations will underline the investors' lack of control in big stock investments.	This will add to the appeal of small business where investors often have a degree of influence.	1
And that's a problem.	Mr. Krenz is not only closely identified with his mentor, Mr. Honecker, but also blamed for ordering violent police action against protesters this month and for praising China for sending tanks against student demonstrators.	1
We've been spending a lot of time in Los Angeles talking to TV production people.	With the competitiveness of the television market these days, everyone is looking for a way to get viewers more excited.	1
which aren't publicly traded and aren't allowed to use leverage at all.	Leverage is used only by some of the closed-end funds.	0
We won't sign any new contracts {with deliveries} beginning earlier than 2000.	Hydro-Quebec already has some "customers in mind" for the power that was to be delivered to Maine.	0
the judge didn't adequately consider whether the delay would actually hurt the chances of a fair trial.	Mr. Koskotas is fighting extradition proceedings that would return him to Greece, where he is charged with embezzling more than $250 million from the Bank of Crete.	0
Marginal operations and assets have been sold..The size of the company's board has been reduced to eight directors from 13.	About 140 salaried management jobs and hundreds of hourly wage positions have been eliminated.	0
But success overseas in unfamiliar markets could be trickier than for other industries such as manufacturers.	On its own, Dentsu's muscle in Japan may count for little in major foreign markets when seeking non-Japanese clients.	1
Mitchell Energy & Development Corp. became the partner, ponying up more than half of the $600,000 in drilling and start-up costs.	Mitchell will get a half-interest in the oil.	1
the immense confusion in thought that has been characteristic of Western financial circles during the 1980s.	The most important governments have ignored the role of low tax rates in attracting real capital investment, instead emphasizing financial flows in response to high interest rates.	0
that although it has the cash to cover the 25-cent-a-share dividend, its banks have denied the company's request to pay it because the trust hasn't met certain terms.	it has "numerous financing activities" under way to remedy the problem and will make up the dividend payment later if possible.	0
our stock is grossly undervalued.	the company has cut operating expenses by about 10% over the last few quarters, while maintaining research and development at about 8% to 9% of sales.	1
Investors should stay with their stocks.	We expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period, but we don't think it will be ugly.	1
Experts are predicting a big influx of new shows in 1990, when a service called "automatic number information" will become widely available.	This service identifies each caller's phone number, and it can be used to generate instant mailing lists.	1
people are slightly dulled by scandal.	It now takes something really weird to inspire public outrage.	1
Instead the RTC should consider using Treasury debt, which is less expensive and subject to oversight by Congress.	The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit-reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law.	0
Under the new Northeast Utilities plan, it would pay $1.65 billion in cash to creditors and assume $100 million in pollution control bonds.	Secured creditors would recover both principal and interest, while unsecured creditors would receive only principal and interest accrued before PS of New Hampshire filed for Bankruptcy Code protection in January.	0
This wage inflation is bleeding the NFL dry.	Soon, only large corporations will be able to afford to buy and run football teams.	1
You can't say it's a "tsunami" (tidal wave), but we're making some headway.	Interest is a great deal higher than it was a year ago.	1
But for a few minutes there, relief abounded.	A young mother found her boy, who had been out buying a hotdog.	0
At that time, tasks were assigned strictly on the basis of seniority.	The oldest designer got to work on the dashboard.	0
Issuing states generally limit the guarantees to in-state institutions, however, and buyers get refunds without much interest if the children don't attend the specified schools.	Two private groups are seeking Securities and Exchange Commission approval for plans that could be more broadly transferable.	0
In the September issue of Scientific American, Thomas E. Graedel, distinguished member of the technical staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories, and Paul J. Crutzen, director of the air chemistry division of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz, West Germany, wrote, "It is now quite evident that chlorofluorocarbons, particularly CFC-11 and CFC-12 are the major culprits responsible for ozone depletion.	Mr. Melloan quotes Peter Teagan and invokes the name of Arthur D. Little Inc. to support his statement.	0
But my daughter couldn't, until she was too ill to take it..To watch your child die is an inhuman experience.	Her son, healthy and symptom-free, currently takes no medication.	0
More importantly, the volume of options written exceeded those purchased by almost 2-to-1.	With such a lopsided book of options Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions.	1
As if this weren't enough, the Senate Judiciary Committee is getting into the act.	On Tuesday it approved Senator Bob Dole's proposed commemorative resolution designating April 24, 1990, as the "National Day of Remembrance of the 75th Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923.	0
Meanwhile, at home, Mitsubishi has control of some major projects.	It is the largest private-sector landowner of the Minato-Mirai 21 project, a multibillion-yen development in the port city of Yokohama, about an hour outside Tokyo.	0
A spokesman attributed the bulk of a 14% increase in selling, administrative and general expenses -- to $324.9 million -- to marketing costs.	They're out there promoting like crazy, trying to get prices up by promotion.	0
We will certainly have to take a look at" the Whitbread spirits business.	We would certainly like to have a major white-spirits brand in our portfolio.	1
Separately, Dominion Textile posted net income of 4.7 million Canadian dollars ($4 million), or 12 Canadian cents a share, for the fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30.	The company had a net loss of C$2.3 million, or 14 Canadian cents a share, a year ago.	0
Mr. Glass has inverted the famous modernist dictum "less is more.	His more is always less.	1
The $13 billion the Fed injected into the money markets after the 1987 crash is more than enough to buy all the stocks traded on a typical day.	More carefully targeted intervention might actually reduce the need for government action.	0
Meanwhile, there was an awful lot of confusion.	At about 10:40 a.m. on the over-the-counter trading desk at a major brokerage firm, a veteran trader who buys and sells some of the most active stocks looked at a senior official and asked, "What's going on?.Is the market up or down.	0
the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer-aided design and scientific calculations and then very seldom.	These errata do not affect business programs.	0
Mr. Nadir brimmed with self-confidence that he can turn Sansui around.	Sansui is a perfect fit for Polly Peck's electronics operations, which make televisions, videocassette recorders, microwaves and other products on an "original equipment maker" basis for sale under other companies' brand names.	1
Len Kessler, a financial publicist in New York, sometimes uses it to get the attention of journalists who try to avoid him.	that when Dan Dorfman, a financial columnist with USA Today, hasn't returned his phone calls, he leaves messages with Mr. Dorfman's office saying that he has an important story on Donald Trump, Meshulam Riklis or Marvin Davis.	0
I'm not prepared in any case to put that much money into a policy immediately, so I look into the broad category called universal life.	it is far more flexible than straight whole life.	1
A video sent to association members doesn't mince words.	Texans can sniff a phony a mile away," the narrator warns outsiders.	0
we totally disagree.	they have "oversimplified and made some erroneous assumptions that make their analysis completely off-base.	1
they can't afford to put their law practices on hold for another seven-month trial.	they would continue to represent their clients if the government pays their tab as court-appointed lawyers.	0
All the while, Ms. Bartlett had been busy at her assignment, serene in her sense of self-tilth.	As she put it in a 1987 lecture at the Harvard Graduate School of Design: "I have designed a garden, not knowing the difference between a rhododendron and a tulip.	0
Westinghouse also expects its international sales to soon grow to 25% of total corporate sales from 20% last year.	The company is negotiating with the Soviets to build a Thermo King truck-refrigeration plant that would produce about 10,000 units annually.	0
Moreover, sports is hardly the best way to lure adult women.	most advertisers buy based on ratings for women aged 18 to 49.	0
Felix Siemienas is destroying it now.	He packs pork.	1
The terms announced today are strictly between the United States and Gulf Power.	This is only a further step in a lengthy investigation.	1
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure.	Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5%, the highest rate in Europe.	0
Not to judge by "Settle the Score," in which Mr. Sohmer seems to be settling a score of his own.	Of all the unflattering portraits of small-town America I've seen on TV, this film is the most gratuitously nasty.	1
Loyalty lags most for utilitarian products like trash bags and batteries.	Only 23% of trash-bag users in the Journal survey usually buy the same brand, and just 29% of battery buyers stick to one brand.	0
major securities firms are reluctant to become market makers because they fear the baskets may attract only limited trading.	only 25 contracts a day may trade at first, equivalent to a day's action at a small, regional exchange.	0
Even when I hear it played badly, I'm still humbled by the piece.	If I could ever feel I've contributed to it in some way, then all the hard work has been worth it.	1
I don't know what the risk is {of holding the stock.	Taxes are not going out of business.	1
where he led the Hurricanes to five winning seasons and a national championship in 1987.	Whatever Mr. Johnson's talents, in the hearts and minds of many Dallas fans, he is no Tom Landry.	0
the huge increase in net reflects "strong sales" of its tape products, particularly the 4400 Automated Cartridge System, which holds a library of tape cartridges.	it recently sold its 750th cartridge system.	0
But despite the acrimony between Mr. Ross and Mr. Yetnikoff, officials of the Time side of Time Warner have reportedly been increasingly interested in a settlement that might yield attractive business opportunities.	Time executives such as the company's president, N.J. Nicholas have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber-Peters duo, and were never directly drawn into the fray.	1
Soon after the merger, moreover, Federal's management asked Tiger's pilots to sign an agreement stating that they could be fired any time, without cause or notice.	When the pilots refused, the company retracted it.	0
Rather than gathering momentum, the program is in danger of slowing even more as the government tackles several big assets.	The axiom appears to be that the more valuable the asset, the harder the privatization process.	0
and the second largest in the four-year history of the $45 billion asset-backed market.	The largest issue was a $4 billion offering of auto-loan securities by General Motors Acceptance Corp. in 1986.	0
After the announcement of the bankruptcy filing, Qintex Entertainment stock sank $2.625 in over-the-counter trading to close at $1.50 on heavy volume of more than 1.4 million shares.	The stock traded as high as $10 this past summer.	0
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $10,000 -- aren't reported.	this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting.	1
its third-quarter earnings declined by more than half.	lower chemical prices, reduced gasoline margins and refinery maintenance shutdowns.	1
Recently, the trust failed to auction off the paper mill, a bank, an office building and a small cotton-ginning plant.	Of the four, only the bank and the plant drew bids -- one apiece.	0
That irritates many women who haven't taken their husbands' last name.	What a bunch of nonsense," says Jessica Crosby, president of the New York chapter of the National Association of Women Business Owners.	0
recent software changes may have contributed to yesterday's problems.	Quotron switched to a backup system until the problems were corrected.	1
Total magazine ad revenue for the same period increased 12% to $4.6 billion.	Though for some magazines categories a tough advertising climate persists, the industry in general is doing well compared with the newspaper industry.	1
Two other global liquor giants, Canada's Seagram Co. and Britain's Allied-Lyons PLC, also are possible buyers.	Seagram's gin is the world's No. 2 gin brand, but the company doesn't own any of the major gin brands imported in the U.S.	1
Predictions for limited dollar losses are based largely on the pound's weak state after Mr. Lawson's resignation and the yen's inability to strengthen substantially when there are dollar retreats.	With the pound and the yen lagging behind other major currencies, "you don't have a confirmation" that a sharp dollar downturn is in the works.	1
But the new lens became the eye of a storm.	In September 1971 California officials seized "bootlegged" lenses after some showed traces of bacteria.	1
that he relied too heavily on Sotheby's or Mr. Wachter.	he had not one but four advisers and that he never bid impulsively.	1
However, the disclosure of the guidelines is already being interpreted on Capitol Hill as an unfair effort to pressure Congress.	It has reopened the bitter wrangling between the White House and Congress over who is responsible for the failure to oust Mr. Noriega.	0
The catalog retailer reported net income of $10.8 million, or 21 cents a share, up sharply from $6.6 million, or 13 cents a share, a year earlier.	Revenue rose to $372.1 million from $336.4 million.	0
Commentators who agreed on little else unanimously proclaimed a `shift in direction' on the court.	I take these pronouncements with a grain of salt.	0
During the summer, Legal Services Corp., a Florida legal aid group, filed a petition with the Fed on behalf of residents in four Florida counties.	The petition challenged First Union's lending record in the state, saying that the bank-holding company had "shut itself off from contact with the low-income community and is redlining almost every black neighborhood that it serves in the state.	0
He said Hydro-Quebec already has some "customers in mind" for the power that was to be delivered to Maine.	Nothing has happened since we signed the contract to undermine our conviction that Hydro-Quebec was the lowest-cost, most environmentally acceptable choice for meeting a part of our customers' energy needs through the year 2020," said Central Maine senior vice president Donald F. Kelly.	0
Meanwhile, in the squat office buildings that ring Fashion Island, the odds are good that someone is getting fleeced.	that at any given time, a host of fraudulent telemarketing operations mingle with the many legitimate businesses here.	1
There is the new private jet, the platoon of assistants, invitations to the best parties, and television appearances on shows such as "Prime Time Live.	A few weeks ago, Mr. Jones even entertained Elizabeth Taylor in his private suite at Texas Stadium.	0
Mr. Maynard claims this is a manageable problem.	The Egg King carries written instructions to break only high-grade eggs that have been properly sanitized and, as an added precaution, to use the eggs only in products that will be cooked enough to kill bacteria.	0
Many Japanese companies have taken the warnings by the country's leaders to heart and sought development partnerships rather than landmark properties.	Mitsubishi Estate's decision to buy into Rockefeller reflects the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure to act for the good of Japan.	1
Against this background, the new East German leader must move quickly to shore up his government's standing.	The sudden growth of the opposition movement, together with the steady outflow of citizens escaping through Poland and Hungary, has plunged the country into its deepest political crisis since an anti-Soviet workers' uprising in 1953.	1
but other murkier issues will play a big role.	Sony and the Guber-Peters team are hanging much of their case on Warner's willingness last year to release the producers from another contract and on an oral agreement they say allowed them to terminate the current written contract if the opportunity to run a major studio came up.	0
Just last week, a House Ways and Means subcommittee held a lengthy meeting to hear the pleas of individual cities, companies and interest groups who want to open their own special loopholes.	It's a Swiss-cheese factory and the cheese smells pretty good.	0
that the antibody wiped out an average of 60% of AIDS-infected cells within three days.	In some of the experiments, it killed almost all the infected cells.	0
Whatever Mr. Johnson's talents, in the hearts and minds of many Dallas fans, he is no Tom Landry.	Seven games (and, after a loss to the Kansas City Chiefs yesterday, seven losses) into the season, the "new" Cowboys aren't doing any better than the old.	0
It was extraordinarily satisfying.	I was convinced that what was true of retinoblastoma would be true for all cancers.	1
It's an "absolute necessity" to get out of junk bonds when a recession is in the offing.	Such bonds are very sensitive to the downside.	1
But, with the state offering only $39,000 a year and California's high standard of living, "there aren't too many to choose from.	the department now has 75 openings and wants to hire 625 civil engineers over the next 15 months.	1
The decision to accept Credit Agricole's bid, valued at 283.3 billion lire ($207.4 million), came after a stormy weekend meeting.	Nuovo Banco's second largest shareholder, the Fiat S.p..A.-controlled investment concern, Gemina S.p..A., fought to have Generali's offer approved.	1
a uniquely American product tied to frontier folklore.	How was the West won?.With a six-shooter in one hand and bourbon in the other.	0
Farm-machine makers such as Caterpillar and Deere work in the metric system.	The liquor industry went metric 10 years ago.	0
The buy-back "is really a comfort to those who want to buy the stock that there is a {price} floor.	At a certain price, if the management thinks {the stock} is cheap, they can go in and buy it.	1
Other, smaller concerns are also pursuing market niches -- Hawaiian tourists, for example, or the local trade.	There's still room for boutique properties.	1
The ceiling would be lifted to 21.5 million barrels to provide Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates much higher official quotas while reducing percentage shares of some others.	Libya's previous conditions are no longer considered a problem, although the United Arab Emirates is still an issue.	0
The pound likely will fall in coming days and may trade as low as 2.60 marks within the next year.	The pound was at 2.8896 marks late Friday, off sharply from 2.9511 in New York trading a week earlier.	0
For the nine months, net increased 14% to $217.5 million, or $3.09 a share.	Sales rose 7% to $3.8 billion.	0
For the Politburo replaced Mr. Honecker with a man cut of the same cloth: Egon Krenz, the most recent internal-security chief and a longtime Honecker protege.	East Germany, it is clear, is no Poland, where the Communist Party now shares power with the democratically elected Solidarity union.	0
Some individuals went to some lengths on their own to avoid the anticipated gridlock.	he got up at 3 a.m. to drive into San Francisco from the East Bay.	0
The secretary is the world's biggest borrower of money.	He has a built-in, constant longing for lower interest rates.	1
several major carriers have posted or are expected to post relatively poor third-quarter results.	Yesterday, USAir Group Inc posted a worse-than-expected $77.7 million net loss for the period.	0
He is cornered.	The Americans have left him without a way out.	1
The customer will react to strength.	Ignore the present condition.	1
In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index jumped 34.6 points to close at its intraday high of 2170.1.	The index was under pressure for most of the morning over concerns that the effects of Tuesday night's major earthquake in the San Francisco area would undermine the U.S. market.	0
Convex makes supercomputers that sell for up to $2 million and has an installed base of more than 550 systems and 340 customers world-wide.	During the third quarter, it said, it won several significant contracts, including a five-year contract with the National Institutes of Health valued at an estimated $8 million.	0
Somewhere things went terribly wrong with apartheid.	today, whites even rely on blacks to police their separation.	1
Third-quarter sales of the Indianapolis, Ind., company rose 11% to $1.045 billion from $940.6 million.	Nine-month sales grew 12% to $3.39 billion from $3.03 billion a year earlier.	0
In a letter to the BPCA, kelly/varnell called this "arbitrary and amateurish.	The landscape architects were expelled from the garden in July.	1
his dinner discussion with the Prudential executives acknowledged problems for junk.	What I was saying is that the market is troubled but still viable and, appropriately enough, quite quality-conscious, which is not at all bad.	0
The RICO law has come under criticism from some defendants and defense lawyers.	that the rights of RICO defendants and third parties not named in RICO indictments have been unfairly damaged.	1
No reason for the request was given.	Credit Agricole officials couldn't be immediately reached for comment.	0
Mr. Morishita considers himself a connoisseur of art.	In 30 years of collecting impressionist and Japanese paintings, he has acquired 600 items enough to persuade him to start a museum next year.	1
The restaurant was conceived as a sparkling, crystalline "geode.	It makes extensive use of stainless steel, silver and aluminum that sets off black granite table tops and a gray terrazzo with zinc-strip floors.	1
There is incredible negative psychology building in the market.	People are very concerned about who is going to step up to the plate and buy municipal bonds in the absence of institutional buyers.	0
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils.	The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure, which busies itself piling more and more paper work on the teachers.	0
Some analysts are cynical about the new corporate interest in health-care overhaul.	Carl Schramm, president of the Health Insurance Association of America, scoffs at "capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system" for health.	0
Art prices are skyrocketing, but a good deal of legerdemain is involved in compiling statistics on sales.	Salomon Brothers Inc., the investment-banking firm, in its annual tally of investment returns, reported that old masters appreciated 51% in the year ended June 1, the greatest return of any of 13 assets it tracked.	0
But in 1988, it ran into a buzz saw: a Defense Department spending freeze.	Iverson's earnings plunged 70% to $1.2 million.	1
Saudi Arabia, OPEC's kingpin, also has surfaced as a possible obstacle.	Insisting on a 24.5% share of any ceiling, Saudi officials have long pressed for the pro rata distribution of increases to all members.	1
The settlement stemmed from a lawsuit the dealers filed in 1982 when the Times began its own competing direct delivery service.	The pact calls for the Times to pay dealers $3.6 million over six years, as well as other payments in the form of subsidies over three years, based on the number of "new customers started by the dealers and on pricing structures.	0
The activity is enough to move some oil-service prices back up a little.	Some drill-bit prices have risen 5% in the past month.	0
The Mirage will cost at least $1 million a day to operate.	but some securities analysts doubt it.	1
New Jersey is a proving ground for this aggressive women's-rights movement this year.	The infusion of activists can bring a clash of cultures.	0
She bursts into tears and walks away.	Nearby, five temporary residents of the school shelter sit on stools, having their necks and backs kneaded by volunteer masseuses.	0
It's going to set things back for a period, because it reinforces the concern of volatility.	it will shake confidence one more time, and a lot of this business is based on client confidence.	0
Using direct mail for a TV show is like fishing for whale with a breaded hook.	It just isn't done.	0
Florida National Banks of Fla. slid 1 1/8 to 24 3/4.	it is delaying approval of First Union Corp. 's proposed $849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks pending the outcome of an examination into First Union's lending practices in low-income heighborhoods.	1
While the pound has attempted to stabilize, currency analysts say it is in critical condition.	Sterling plunged about four cents Thursday and hit the week's low of $1.5765 when Mr. Lawson resigned from his six-year post because of a policy squabble with other cabinet members.	1
It is difficult, if not impossible, for anyone who has not pored over the thousands of pages of court pleadings and transcripts to have a worthwhile opinion on the underlying merits of the controversy.	Certainly I do not.	0
As for junk-holders, they're discovering it can be a mistake to take the other side of a trade by KKR.	The bonds of SCI TV now are being quoted at prices ranging from only five cents to about 60 cents on the dollar, according to R.D. Smith & Co. in New York, which trades distressed securities.	1
Executives say Mrs. Coleman is very involved in the day-to-day operations, especially product development.	In the late 1960s she designed a lightweight stretch bra that boosted sales.	0
Because of those concerns, some manufacturers say they will ask for letters of credit before shipping spring merchandise.	We're being paid today, but we're worried about tomorrow and will want" letters of credit, says the sales director at one major dress maker who asked not to be identified.	0
The economy is decelerating after six good years, and "right now it's better to shoot first and ask questions later.	Which types of stocks currently have the greatest earnings risks.	1
especially as the exchange clearly relishes its role as the home for $200 billion in stock-index funds, which buy huge baskets of stocks to mimic popular stock-market indexes like the Standard & Poor's 500, and which sometimes employ program trading.	The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets, but only as long as it "handles it intelligently.	0
Three minutes into the massage, the man curled up, began shaking and turned red.	Paramedics were called.	1
Investors welcomed the move.	Courtaulds' shares rose 15 pence to 362 pence, valuing the entire company at about #1.44 billion.	0
Third-quarter net was $40 million, or $1.04 a share, from $54.4 million, or $1.47 a share, a year ago.	Sales rose 2.8% to $864.1 million, from $840.4 million.	0
Commonwealth leaders issued a declaration giving South Africa six months to deliver on pledges to ease apartheid or face new reprisals.	The 49-nation organization called for tighter financial pressure immediately.	0
Still, the restructuring could create one of the most powerful alliances between advertising and media-buying firms that Europe has seen.	As part of the restructuring, WCRS and Eurocom said they will look for ways to combine their media buying across Europe.	0
This cannot be solved by provoking a further downturn.	reducing the supply of goods does not solve inflation.	1
These days, Mr. Breeden is winning praise in Washington and on Wall Street for his behind-the-scenes role in monitoring the Friday-the-13th market plunge and the following Monday's harrowing morning session.	As a regulator charged with restoring investor confidence, Mr. Breeden avoided making market-jarring comments and worked to gather information critical to Wall Street and to other government agencies.	1
and that he never bid impulsively.	After all, he had the counsel of "curators from the most reputable museums in the world.	1
We have the structure, people and plan.	Now, the first order of business is raising enough money to keep his team afloat.	1
The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem's U.K. unit, including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions.	it eventually would seek to make a public share offering in its U.K. business.	0
that integrating 110 million Eastern Europeans with 320 million Western Europeans is primarily the task of Europeans, despite the U.S.'s obvious strategic and economic interest.	The U.S. tends to look at Eastern Europe {not including the Soviet Union} as Europe looks at Latin America: important but far away..But for us in Western Europe, these are Europeans next door.	1
Parenthood," this summer's successful and amusing movie about parents and children, apparently was only the beginning.	It seems that every day a new movie opens featuring a child coping with a mother's death, or adoption, or aging parents, or pregnancy.	1
Mr. Bush decided he wanted the meeting after talking in Europe in July with the leaders of Poland and Hungary, who urged him to support Mr. Gorbachev's efforts to transform the Soviet system and to urge him to loosen his grip on Eastern Europe.	While flying home from those discussions, Mr. Bush drafted a letter to Mr. Gorbachev suggesting an informal get-together to precede their formal summit next year.	1
that within a decade could provide power equal to today's engines.	In the so-called two-stroke engines each piston goes up and down only once to provide power.	1
But that ghost wasn't fooled.	he knew the RDF was neither rapid nor deployable nor a force.	1
By the end of the 1990s we want to be producing roughly two vehicles overseas for every vehicle that we export from Japan.	That will involve a substantial increase in overseas manufacturing capacity.	1
Turkey in any event is long past it.	The country has in recent years accepted more than 500,000 refugees from at least four bordering nations.	0
Most American investors have just given up.	They aren't prepared to compete in an area where the Japanese want to enter.	1
Capital Cities-ABC surged 42 5/8 to 560.	Kidder Peabody raised its investment rating on the stock and its earnings estimates for 1989 and 1990, based on optimism that the company's ABC television network will continue to fare well in the ratings.	1
Some highly publicized cases involving RICO TROs have been the subject of considerable criticism in the press, because of a perception that pre-trial freezing of assets is tantamount to a seizure of property without due process.	In order to ensure that the rights of all interested parties are protected, the Criminal Division has instituted the following requirements to control the use of TROs in RICO prosecutions.	1
Separately, UniFirst reported that net income rose 21% to $3 million, or 29 cents a share adjusted for the split, for the fourth quarter ended Aug. 26.	A year earlier UniFirst earned $2.4 million, or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split.	0
Still the Salinger decision created a strong presumption against fair use of unpublished materials.	that a few of Mr. Miller's quotations from Mr. Hubbard's unpublished writings, because they were not necessary to prove historical points, failed the fair-use test and therefore infringed copyright.	1
A Georgia-Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest-products company.	Based on 1988 sales, Georgia-Pacific ranked third at $9.51 billion, behind Weyerhaeuser Co. at $10 billion and International Paper Co. at $9.53 billion..Nekoosa ranked 11th with sales of $3.59 billion..The combined company would have had 1988 sales of $13.1 billion.	1
Banks want to remain competitive.	October is a big rollover month.	0
net income soared to $177 million, or $1.28 a share, from $65 million, or 38 cents a share, a year earlier.	Revenue more than doubled to $2.62 billion from $1.29 billion.	0
The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators, but none quite so resourceful.	The 55-year-old Mr. Noriega isn't as smooth as the shah of Iran, as well-born as Nicaragua's Anastasio Somoza, as imperial as Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines or as bloody as Haiti's Baby Doc Duvalier..Yet he has proved more resilient than any of them.	1
His recent speech caused an uproar when its title leaked out.	Mr. Allen's commissioners voted to call his unread speech "thoughtless, disgusting and unnecessarily inflammatory.	0
British politicians divide into two groups of chickens, those with their necks cut and those screaming the sky is falling.	So far as we can see only two persons are behaving with a dignity recognizing the seriousness of the issues: Mr. Lawson and Sir Alan Walters, the counterpoint of the Chancellor's difficulties, who also resigned as personal adviser to Mrs. Thatcher.	1
but the size of the cut took many Western bankers by surprise.	It's much bigger than we expected," said one German banker.	0
that global forces will continue to govern Hong Kong's economic rhythm.	Once external conditions, such as U.S. demand, swing in the territory's favor local businessmen will probably overcome their 1997 worries and continue doing business as usual.	1
we expected growth of 6% to 7%.	Operating-profit margins slipped almost 18%, to 4.3% of sales.	0
A few years ago, Mrs. Hammack insisted on buying earthquake insurance for this house, which had been converted into apartments.	Only about 20% of California home and business owners carried earthquake coverage.	0
This isn't a new kind of union leadership, it's a new Mexico.	We're no longer afraid of associating with private or foreign capital.	1
Wall Street is seething over the rules.	The provisions could further cool the takeover boom that has been the driving force behind the bull market in stocks for much of the 1980s.	1
but there is something to be said for picking the best one possible.	The White House had the perfect case, but Congress blinked before it could go to court.	0
The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39, or 1.2% to 452.76 on Friday.	For the week, the index dropped 3.8%.	0
President Bush has endorsed the idea, and at least 50 sitting Senators have voted to support enhanced rescission authority in the past.	but if he and his colleagues are serious about kicking their compulsions, they'll sign up.	0
To fight off predators, B.A.T plans to spin off about $6 billion in assets, largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders.	Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10% of its shares and a 50% dividend increase.	0
while the smaller stocks churn on their individual merits or faults.	The volatility of smaller technology companies has served the group well overall in recent stock trading, according to Hambrecht & Quist's technology stock indexes.	1
the definitive agreements require that Anchor obtain a waiver from its bank lenders of existing covenant defaults under its bank facilities.	Since Anchor is still seeking this waiver the tender offer is being extended until 5 p.m. EST tomorrow.	1
Other funds have recently sold weak junk bonds to raise cash.	At the 50%-leveraged Zenith Income Fund, portfolio manager John Bianchi recently dumped Mesa Petroleum, Wickes and Horsehead Industries, among others, to raise his cash position to a record 15%.	0
For $10 million, you can move $100 million of stocks.	That gives futures traders a lot more power.	1
Janice Duclos, in addition to possessing one of the evening's more impressive vocal instruments, brings an unsuspected comedic touch to her role of Olga, everybody's favorite mom.	Marni Rice plays the maid with so much edge as to steal her two scenes.	0
The industry is overbuilt.	Fast-food franchisers have managed to squeeze in stores into every corner available.	1
It was therefore not surprising that close allies of the U.S., virtually neglected by the Bush administration, ordered the Nicaraguan insurgents dismantled by December, long before the elections.	Fittingly, the Tela Accords were nicknamed by Hondurans "the Dodd plan.	1
The Bay Bridge will be closed for at least several weeks.	Part of the bridge collapsed in the quake.	1
This is not the case.	Some diaries simply aren't worth snooping in.	1
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, lenders and developers poured money into office buildings, condominiums and massive tracts of raw desert land, confident that Arizona's population would grow at annual rates of 4% to 6% for years to come.	Now, annual population growth is running at about 2% a year, some desert tracts bought three years ago for $90,000 an acre are being sold at $25,000 an acre and Phoenix has a seven-year supply of unoccupied office space.	0
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts.	I'd rather build a company than run one.	0
But they are already objecting to, among other things, a plan to give more weight to cost-benefit considerations in evaluating pesticides.	It's a tremendous disappointment," said Janet Hathaway, an attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council. "Allowing the EPA to condone continued use of a chemical whenever the benefits outweigh the risks is absolutely anathema to the environmental community.	0
Commercial banks and property/casualty insurers, which together own about 36% of all municipal bonds, have been dumping their securities for weeks.	Last week there were three institutional sellers for every buyer.	0
General Electric Co. recently sold off its interests in liquid-crystal displays to Thompson-CSF of France.	We found the market not developing as we thought it would.	1
The catalyst for all this has been OPEC.	About a year ago, it ended an on-again, off-again internal production war that had put prices on a roller coaster and pitched oil towns from Houston to Caracas into recession.	1
Viewers may not be cheering, either.	Soaring rights fees will lead to an even greater clutter of commercials.	1
Many investors have nagging worries, however.	Newspapers are full of headlines about companies defaulting on their debts and banks writing off real estate loans..That hurts investors' confidence in the economy and stocks.	1
The small, wiry Mr. Morishita comes across as an outspoken man of the world.	Stretching his arms in his silky white shirt and squeaking his black shoes, he lectures a visitor about the way to sell American real estate and boasts about his friendship with Margaret Thatcher's son.	0
Garish neon pachinko marquees blaze from the main streets and narrow alleys of cities and towns across the country.	Devotees pass hours, watching the lights blink and listening to the metal balls ping, as much to gamble as to get a little time to be anonymous, alone with their thoughts.	0
For example, what exactly did the CIA tell Major Giroldi and his fellow coup plotters about U.S. laws and executive orders on assassinations.	What part did U.S. warnings play in the major's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody, but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops.	0
Small investors perceive that "big operators" dominate the market.	they'd love to do away with it {program trading}, but they {the exchange} can't do it.	1
But the shift has also been fueled by necessity.	While premium-brand spirits like Smirnoff vodka and Jack Daniel's whiskey are riding high in the U.S., domestic spirits consumption fell 15% to 141.1 million cases in 1988 from 166 million cases in 1979.	1
According to figures from the International Air Transport Association, they carried a combined 1.8 million tons of freight last year.	Federal Express and Flying Tiger, as separate companies, carried a combined 2.6 million tons.	0
International investigators urged Britain to allow prosecution of suspected Nazi war criminals who took refuge there after 1945.	Under current law, such suspects are immune from prosecution for acts committed while not British citizens.	1
Insurers typically retain a small percentage of the risks they underwrite and pass on the rest of the losses.	Insurers buy this insurance protection for themselves by giving up a portion of the premiums they collect on a policy to another firm -- a reinsurance company, which, in turn, accepts a portion of any losses resulting from this policy.	0
There's quite a bit of value left in the {Jaguar} shares here even though they have run up" lately.	At the moment, he intends to keep the firm's 180,000 Jaguar shares.	1
After a while, someone has to go over the side.	Although he doesn't expect any bankruptcies, he does see more plants being sold or closed.	1
advertisers lack detailed demographic and geographic breakdowns of magazines' audiences.	We need research that convinces us that magazines are a real value in reader's lives, that readers are really involved.	0
In Hollywood, an average family can gain cachet from moving into a home vacated by the famous or near famous.	Why we even just sold a three-bedroom house in Van Nuys and were able to keep the price firm in a weak real-estate market by noting that the original Lone Ranger lived there.	0
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25% annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40%, Japanese sales were flat for most of that time.	Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one-third that of the Americans.	0
By their constant readiness to advise all and sundry about federal budgetary matters the chairmen have encouraged the belief that fiscal policy and monetary policy are ingredients of a common stew.	The Fed's case for its own independence would be a little stronger if it were more solicitous of the independence of the rest of the government.	1
But IBM would have won the business anyway as a sale to a third party that would have then leased the equipment to the customer.	IBM has not only hurt its short-term revenue outlook but has also been losing money on its leases.	1
that at any given time, a host of fraudulent telemarketing operations mingle with the many legitimate businesses here.	They seem to like these industrial parks.	1
After the HUD and S&L stories broke, some Congressmen began to worry that their influence peddling at executive-branch and independent agencies might some day get them in trouble.	They worried about an Interior Department directive to log all communications with Members or their staffs.	0
Besides term life and whole life (the old standbys), we now have universal life, universal variable life, flexible adjustable universal life, policies with persistency bonuses, policies festooned with exotic riders, living benefit policies, and on and on.	What to do.	1
Mr. Cortese, a 33-year-old Delta Air Lines engineer, invested some $2,000 in penny stocks through a broker who promised quick returns.	We were saving up to buy a house, and my wife was pregnant.	0
But think of the money you, the reader, will save on Halloween.	Instead of buying masks for your kids, just cut out the columnists' pictures.	1
First, he unceremoniously sacked Tom Landry.	In Dallas, Mr. Landry has a standing just shy of sainthood.	0
Now the Alley has moved ahead on both artistic and financial fronts.	Not only is Mr. Boyd giving the theater a new sense of adventure and excitement on stage, the balance sheet is the best the theater has had in 10 years.	0
Moreover, the extensive program in effect establishes a floor for the stock price.	The buy-back "is really a comfort to those who want to buy the stock that there is a {price} floor.	1
Weirton Steel Corp., Weirton, W. Va., for example, is touting to homeowners fashionable steel doors, with leaded glass inserts, as a secure and energy-efficient alternative to wooden or aluminum ones.	Other steelmakers envision steel roofs covering suburbia.	0
He said he expects the company to have $500 million in sales for this year.	He didn't say what the company expected to report for year-earlier sales, which will be restated from the previously reported $603 million.	0
that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings.	The company hasn't been able to come up with a reorganization plan, in part, because of the sizable disagreement with the pension agency.	0
the buy programs came from very large institutional accounts that were also active in the stock-index futures markets.	At one point, almost all of the shares in the 20-stock Major Market Index, which mimics the industrial average, were sharply higher.	1
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters tell one story.	Warner tells another.	0
but Ms. Volokh refused the obvious and available occupation-as translatorfor a Russian who spoke fluent English.	That's always looking back.	1
RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $370 million.	The accord helps RJR pay off debt and boosts Nestle's 7% share of the U.S. candy market to 12%.	1
The ads featured fences, rocks and pussy-willow buds -- almost anything but the cars themselves.	The ads have generated some laughs but also plenty of attention because they are so unlike any other U.S. auto advertising.	1
that, barring a recession and a further strengthening of the dollar against foreign currencies, the industry isn't headed for a prolonged slump.	It won't be an earthshaking drop.	0
Mr. Gorbachev is in a much stronger position to pursue the corporatist ideal than was Mussolini.	The Soviet Communist Party has the power to shape corporate development and mold it into a body dependent upon it.	1
The threat to China's balance of payments is further aggravated by the plunge in its foreign-exchange reserves, excluding gold holdings.	The reserves dropped for the first time in recent years, to $14 billion in June from $19 billion in April.	0
But the push for cleaner fuels is increasing the attractiveness of natural gas.	More than half the domestic drilling now under way is for gas.	1
Warner described as "nonsense" yesterday Sony's assertions in prior court filings that Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters could in theory run Columbia while still fulfilling their contract to produce movies for Warner.	Such a dual role would be "impractical and unethical.	1
the process of disintegration in many school systems.	The schools' central mission, educating children, became subsumed by the competing interests of bureaucrats, politicians and unions.	0
The OTC technology sector is far from a cohesive unit.	The group is divided primarily between software, semiconductors and computers..While computer stocks have taken the biggest hit from the slowdown in the industry, many software and semiconductor stocks have continued to outperform the market.	1
But the Nikkei fell an overall 1.8% in value that day compared with Wall Street's far sharper 6.9% drop on Oct. 13.	The Tokyo market's resiliency helped participants to regain confidence gradually.	0
ABC, in anticipation of a four-game sweep, limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games.	A World Series telecast typically carries 56 30-second commercials, but by the fourth game ABC was cramming in 60 to 62 ads to generate extra revenue.	0
Clifford Stahl, president and chief investment officer of C-S Capital Advisors Inc., two weeks ago sold his Cincinnati firm's 107,100 Jaguar ADRs at about 10 each.	I thought the probabilities of {a bidding war} happening were less.	1
maybe not.	Abby Joseph Cohen, a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert, isn't nearly so sanguine about the market's chances of surging to new highs anytime soon.	1
The Republican danger is that abortion could become for them what it's long been for Democrats, a divisive litmus test.	It's already that in the Bush administration, at least for any job in which abortion is even remotely an issue.	0
Many are pouring money into developing high-quality products to target affluent consumers and, to some extent, to avoid direct combat with cheaper cars from South Korea and Taiwan.	Others are replacing older facilities with flexible assembly lines on which different models can be turned out at once.	0
According to Baker Hughes Inc., 992 rotary rigs were at work in the U.S. last week, up from the year-ago count of 933.	In 1981, before the bust, the rig count was above 4,000.	0
I have felt many aftershocks.	My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking.	1
If any of us think we're going to sidetrack David's determination to be the best possible mayor because of his obligations to us, we are making a sad mistake.	You have to remember David is a pragmatist.	0
Lloyd's, once a pillar of the world insurance market, is being shaken to its very foundation.	The 301-year-old exchange is battered by enormous claims from a decade-long run of unprecedented disasters.	1
The new Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) was created in 1972 to replace the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.	All of the former board's members were CPAs, provoking conflict-of-interest criticism because they were writing rules while handling clients' books at the same time.	1
But the editorial, by Jan Stjernsward of the World Health Organization, notes that tobacco consumption and lung-cancer mortality rates are rising in developing countries.	Non-smoking should be established as the norm of social behavior" around the world, the editorial says, through the enactment of laws that limit advertising, boost tobacco prices and promote anti-smoking education.	1
Inside the grid were 24 of these plant cells jammed full of clutter..One she made into a topiary rec room, replete with plants shaped into a Barcalounger, TV, piano and chairs..In another, she requisitioned topiary MX missile cones -- costing $10,000 each -- in heights up to 20 feet..Another she stuffed with eight "rectilinear hedges" for a topiary geometry lesson in the right-angling of plants..In the herbal lounge she specified a "plaid knot garden" decor..She ordered the foyer done in a different plaid planting, and made the landscape architects study a book on tartans. In one garden roomette she implanted a 43-foot square glass cube meant to show off a plaid tile floor conceit, a "zinc sink," a "huge fishbowl with carp" and a "birdcage with cockatoos.	Next door she put a smaller plaid-floored glass house, where, she suggested, a flat of strawberries might be displayed in the dead of winter.	0
The combined value of daily equity trading on the New York Exchange, the American Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ over-the-counter market ranges between $7 billion and $10 billion.	The $13 billion the Fed injected into the money markets after the 1987 crash is more than enough to buy all the stocks traded on a typical day.	1
That doesn't scare Digital, which has grown to be the world's second-largest computer maker by poaching customers of IBM's mid-range machines.	Digital hopes to stage a repeat performance in mainframes.	0
The Soviets have a world-leading space program.	Wouldn't the Japanese like a piece of it.	1
the fact that seven patents were infringed "suggests that infringement was willful.	It's difficult to be that consistently wrong.	1
Instead he is looking for ways to exploit France's network of 39,000 tobacco agents, most of them cafes.	While Seita doesn't own the French tabacs, its close alliance with them offers distribution possibilities.	1
it will cost less to run its headquarters at Las Colinas than in New York.	The company won't say how much it will save, but during at its interim location, sources say it will likely pay rent of $10 to $15 per square foot..Owners of the building in New York say they will be asking $50 per square foot for rent to fill the space that Exxon is vacating..In Texas, taxes and development costs are also lower, they said.	1
The suit alleges that the firing of Marcia Trees Levine violated New York state's human-rights law.	Among other things, the law prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex and pregnancy.	1
Why should I bother with something that's an unknown for a very small pickup in yield.	I'm not going to jump on them the first day they come out.	1
The lonely woman walks on in the direction of the Plaza de Alonso Martinez.	Two men have a conversation behind one of the windows of the cafe on the corner of the boulevard.	0
Yet he puts quite a twist on the old story handed down from Darwin.	For him, natural history is anything but a gradual, predictable march from primordial slime to human consciousness.	0
the U.S. is becoming more patient and circumspect.	It's the total relationship that is important.	1
Sen. Boren happily told reporters that there had been "a meeting of the minds" with the White House, and that the committee had given Mr. Bush "a clean slate," free of the impediments imposed during the Reagan years.	Sen. Cohen said the relationship has reverted to its pre-Reagan character.	0
With all the votes counted, a government spokesman said Prime Minister Gonzalez's party won 176 seats in the 350-seat Cortes, or lower house of parliament.	The Socialists held 184 seats going into the balloting.	0
Bond prices rose.	The Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond gained less than a quarter of a point, or less than $2.50 for each $1,000 of face amount.	0
Mr. Noriega would order them all to take off their clothes and run around the courtyard naked, laughing at them and then retreating to his office.	People started wondering if something was wrong with him.	1
Mr. Guber was raised in Boston and educated in New York.	He is a lawyer with a string of academic degrees.	0
that Justice's prosecutions of Drexel Burnham Lambert, Michael Milken and Princeton/Newport violated notions of fundamental fairness.	Justice is attempting to avoid a replay of these tactics.	1
Several other reports come before Friday's jobs data, including: the September leading indicators index, new-home sales and October agricultural prices reports due out tomorrow; the October purchasing managers' index and September construction spending and manufacturers' orders on Wednesday; and October chain-store sales on Thursday.	Friday brings the final count on October auto sales.	0
For all of 1988, Dumez had group profit of 452 million francs after payment to minority interests.	Revenue was 21.98 billion francs.	0
But the apple industry is ripe for change.	Red Delicious has been overplanted, and its prices have dropped below the cost of production.	1
breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned enterprises and farms and allowing a big private sector to flourish, helped by tough anti-monopoly legislation.	The economy would be thrown open to numerous types of ownership between now and 1992, including factories leased by workers or owned by shareholders, cooperatives and joint ventures.	0
With fast-food outlets on every corner, he, like many, doesn't think he has a choice in the price war.	Our customers say that they won't go into a fast-food store unless they get a coupon.	1
The solution to this problem is a time-limited poison pill.	The limit could range from three years to seven years, depending on the composition of the management team and the nature of its strategic plan.	0
Blocked by patent protection from following suit, Dictaphone decided to go a step further and cut the cassette in half again.	By 1979, designers and engineers at Dictaphone, a Pitney Bowes subsidiary, had produced a working model of a "picocassette" recorder.	1
The probability of converting a non-user to your brand is about three in 1,000.	The best odds are with your core franchise.	1
This employer embodies all that I find noble and admirable..I will hereafter devote myself to serving him.	This is loyalty intelligently bestowed.	0
The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry.	It's going to be the leading edge technology in personal computers for the next few years.	1
so they can . . ." whack, whack, whack his hand made vigorous spanking gestures on his left palm.	They feel the need from time to time to `educate' me.	1
The politician appearing is highly controversial and has recently generated a good deal of rancor amid certain groups.	In a planned protest against his appearance, several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program cannot continue.	1
Forecasting is only one part of Litigation Sciences' work.	Changing the outcome of the trial is what really matters.	1
The Bush administration, hearing conflicting advice about what its role in HDTV should be, isn't doing much for now.	The only material support it is extending to the struggling U.S. industry is $30 million in awards from the Pentagon's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.	0
and he's right.	Since the last time he traveled this way several months ago, he has recanted a series of bold forecasts of a recession.	1
Earlier this year, President Bush made a final "take-it-or-leave it" offer on the minimum wage: an increase to $4.25 an hour over three years, and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job.	Now, the White House has decided to accept the higher wage over only two years.	0
Sun Microsystems Inc. -- $125 million of 6 3/8% convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15, 1999, priced at 84.90 to yield 7.51%.	The debentures are convertible into common stock at $25 a share, representing a 24% conversion premium over Thursday's closing price.	0
Only recently has it been attractively redesigned and its editorial product improved.	Success is expected to gain at least because of the recent folding of rival Venture, another magazine for growing companies.	0
Further ammunition came from left legal theorist Ronald Dworkin.	The charge of being "outside the mainstream" of legal thought gravely undercut Mr. Bork's scholarly standing.	1
But under Jerry Perry's direction the current Steppenwolf production, scheduled to play through Nov. 19, breaks through the flat and boring ritual that "The Homecoming" had become.	Led by a near-perfect performance by Alan Wilder as Max, the father, the play is at once an appalling and hilarious dissection of a family's rage, bitterness, fear and isolation.	1
But even that goal may prove optimistic.	Of 14 activities, the Journal survey found that 12 -- including bicycling, skiing and swimming -- are being done by fewer Americans today than eight years ago.	1
But that rule is being virtually overlooked by Wall Street, which is concentrating on coping with the deduction issue.	Prices for LBOs have to come down if you don't have that feature.	1
However, the thought of a living player selling his checks rubs some people the wrong way.	Maybe I'm a little stuffy, but I wouldn't sell them," sniffs Bob Machon, owner of Papa's Sports Cards in Menlo Park, Calif.	0
The 220 pilots involved in the suit aren't members of the union.	The airline had allowed them to move ahead of some union members in seniority following the 1985 strike, a move the union had contested in a previous lawsuit.	0
We're trying to take the imagination and talent of our engineers and come up with new processes for industry.	It is an effort to branch out from the government.	0
Use of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law against white-collar defendants, as opposed to alleged organized-crime figures, has come under attack from some defense lawyers and legal scholars.	that the law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea bargains.	1
he supports broad political and economic restructuring.	Ladislav Adamec pledged changes in Czechoslovakia, including freer travel to the West.	0
Before the state of Wisconsin mandated that mental-health care be covered, there were only 70 mental-health clinics in the state.	now there are 400.	0
We're being bombarded by new Treasury and agency debt offerings.	The market is concerned about its ability to underwrite all this debt at current levels.	1
Dr. Vogelstein next turned his attention to colon cancer, the second biggest cancer killer in the U.S. after lung cancer.	He believed colon cancer might also arise from multiple "hits" on cancer suppressor genes, because it often seems to develop in stages.	1
that under the shelved offering, TW would have needed to grow to meet its debt payments.	Its calculations for meeting cash charges ignore $52 million a year in interest on cash-deferred, or zero-coupon debentures -- which ultimately would have had to be paid.	1
to support his rejection of a peace plan approved Sunday by Lebanon's legislature.	The plan lacked a withdrawal timetable.	1
He became angry in return.	He had developed a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal "spooks" who make national security their business.	1
They can't buy feed from the state.	There isn't enough.	1
Cracking the top 10 within three years will be difficult at best.	Della Femina had billings of just $660 million last year and ranked as the U.S.'s 24th-largest ad agency.	1
A very striking illusion but an illusion nevertheless.	The Canadian wound up writing a check.	1
anyone representing a troubled company must walk a fine line.	If a salesman jeopardizes his credibility in this time of trouble, it will be a problem for the long run.	1
Moreover, your hypothetical investor has forsaken the gains to be had in reducing risk by diversifying his portfolio.	A four-stock portfolio is still exposed to a great deal of unnecessary risk.	1
For car marketers, it has become a much tougher battle to keep loyal customers from defecting to one of the new makes on the block.	For American car buyers, the proliferation of choice is both liberating and confusing.	0
Stock and bond investors were cheered by last month's encouragingly low inflation rate.	This news raised hopes for further interest-rate cuts.	1
Along with some other revealing indicators, these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls, he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought.	Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods.	1
Six months ago, as some personnel specialists saw it, a perception that President Bush really cared about fair employment -- after what they said was eight years of Reagan-era neglect -- was prodding top management to raise hiring goals for females, blacks and other minorities.	The perception lingers.	0
inflation is under control.	With economic growth slowing they believe the Fed should ease credit even further.	1
that have already begun to surface in scientific ventures.	Not long ago, scientists holding stock in Spectra Pharmaceutical Services Inc. were accused of falsifying research to boost the stock.	0
that whatever a person's particular weak point, timing is crucial.	People may be particularly vulnerable to flim-flam pitches when they are in the midst of a major upheaval in their lives.	1
A squiggly line snakes across a video screen, gyrating erratically as subjects with hand-held computers register their second-by-second reactions to a speaker's remarks.	Agreement, disapproval, boredom and distraction all can be inferred from the subjects' twist of a dial.	0
Yet the state alone sells seeds and machines.	When supplies are short, it often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain.	1
they weren't surprised that problems in many of Ryder's lines of business continued to plague the company.	It pretty much confirms what we had been expecting.	0
However, the group is offering to pay off bondholders in cash only -- $260.5 million -- and no equity.	The Revco bonds are high-yield, high-risk "junk" bonds; holders have $750 million in claims against Revco, Mr. Schulte said.	0
The turnaround in the dollar fueled bearish sentiment about Japan's bond market.	The benchmark No. 111 4.6% bond due 1998 ended on brokers' screens at a price of 95.39, off 0.28.	1
Within weeks the unfolding Iran-Contra scandal took away Mr. Noriega's insurance policy..The death of CIA Director William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces to gain influence.	Public protests against him were triggered in June 1987 due to charges by Diaz Herrera, his former chief of staff, that Mr. Noriega had stolen the 1984 election and had ordered the killing of Messrs..Spadafora and Torrijos.	0
Ethiopian politics are the most sophisticated, secretive and Byzantine in all of black Africa.	Remember that it took Mr. Mengistu many months to topple Emperor Haile Selassie in 1974 and 1975.	0
Last week the British displayed unusual political immaturity.	The Chancellor of the Exchequer, Nigel Lawson, resigned because Prime Minister Thatcher would not fire her trusted adviser Sir Alan Walters.	0
Industry observers expect a wide divergence in performance.	Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly, and to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc., May Department Stores Co. and Dillard Department Stores Inc., which should do well.	1
Elsewhere, share prices closed higher in Amsterdam, Brussels, Milan and Paris.	Prices were mixed in Zurich and lower in Stockholm.	0
MiniScribe also hasn't filed any financial statements for 1989.	such statements should be ready by the end of November.	0
But early on, IBM offered its basic design to anybody wanting to copy it.	Dozens of small companies did, swiftly establishing a standard operating system.	1
The rest is, of course, history.	The Stick didn't fall.	1
Those allies included Politburo members Guenter Mittag and Joachim Hermann.	Both men were also relieved of their duties yesterday.	1
Infiniti is Nissan's big business move for the 21st century, and we're in no hurry to generate large profits right away.	Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year, bringing the total to four, Infiniti won't show profits for at least five years.	0
Dun & Bradstreet lost 1 7/8 to 51 7/8 on 1.8 million shares.	Merrill Lynch lowered its short-term rating on the stock and its estimate of 1990 earnings.	1
In 1982, he started a factory in Greece.	Two years later, he opened one in West Germany.	0
But opposition legislators and others calling for help for South Korea's renters say the proposed changes don't go far enough to make it possible for ordinary people to buy a home.	Some want lower limits on house sizes.	1
Wall Street is understandably skeptical.	Through the first nine months of the year, Kidder ranks a distant 10th among underwriters of U.S. stocks and bonds, with a 2.8% market share, up slightly from 2.5% in the year-earlier period, according to Securities Data Co.	1
the last remaining bull on the stock.	that Michael Foods is misunderstood.	1
But demands on the company's creativity are certain to grow.	Competition is intensifying as larger companies invade a mountain-bike market Mr. Sinyard's company once had virtually all to itself.	1
Mr. Warren pronounces the Litchfield case "your typical demonic infestation.	A Scottish dwarf built the small red house 110 years ago and now his demonic ghost haunts it.	0
As the stock market lurched into a 190-point free fall on Oct. 13, Mr. Breeden found himself scurrying around the sixth floor of the SEC -- from his desk, where the New York Stock Exchange was on an open line, to his assistant's office, where the Commodity Futures Trading Commission was connected, to a third room, where a computer monitored market moves.	I'd either have to disconnect the New York Stock Exchange or go out to the secretary's desk.	0
While the proposal won a slight majority, the 51-48 vote was well short of the two-thirds needed to approve changes in the Constitution.	It was considered a victory for Democratic leaders, who favor a law barring flag burning.	1
Crane holds 504,200 Milton Roy shares, including 254,200 bought from Sept. 14 to Thursday for $15.50 to $16.75 each.	In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday, Milton Roy shares leaped $2, to $18.375 each, while Crane sank $1.125, to $21.125 a share.	0
StatesWest serves 10 cities in California, Arizona and Nevada.	Mesa flies to 42 cities in New Mexico, Arizona, Wyoming, Colorado and Texas.	0
aimed at resolving differences in proposals to reduce chemical-weapons arsenals.	While the Kremlin has urged a ban on output of the poison gases, the White House wants to continue producing the weapons even after an international treaty calling for their destruction is signed.	0
ONCE YOU MAKE UP your mind about an investment, the rest is easy, right.	You just call your broker and say "buy" or "sell.	1
In the year's first six months, Kurzweil had a loss of $6.9 million on sales of $11.2 million.	Last month its president, John S. Donnelly, resigned citing "management differences" with Mr. Kurzweil.	0
I like rather tea, because it is at the end of the day.	She serves high Russian tea, at 5 p.m.	1
The most important governments have ignored the role of low tax rates in attracting real capital investment, instead emphasizing financial flows in response to high interest rates.	This has led them in a fruitless and destructive policy circle.	1
By pressuring taxi and bus drivers who needed licenses, he gained a ready cache of information.	He knew which local luminaries had been caught driving drunk, which had been found with their mistresses.	1
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten (D., Miss.) helped secure $49.7 million for his state, or more than double the Pentagon's budget.	West Virginia, home of Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd, would receive $21.5 million -- four times the military's request.	0
The project, known as Lotus Mansion, has been mired in controversy.	When the loan agreement was announced, it was hailed as one of the first Western-style financing transactions ever used in China.	0
For the survey, Peter D. Hart Research Associates asked some 2,000 consumers, including Mrs. Lombardi, whether they usually buy one brand of a certain type of product or have no brand loyalty.	More than half the users of 17 of the 25 products included in the survey said they're brand switchers.	0
that if there was such a move, it would take about three days to complete the loose ends of the transaction.	During that time, a buyer with the clout of a Renaissance could end up driving up the price of stocks it was trying to buy if it tipped its hand.	0
the moves in the metals last week were most influenced by the uncertainty in the equity and other financial markets.	According to Mr. Frawley, floor traders say there is good support for December gold in the $374 to $375 per ounce area, around $5.20 an ounce for December silver and in the $485 to $490 an ounce range for January platinum.	0
Now there are many cars for every purse and purpose.	Just four years ago, GM planners divided the combined car and truck market into seven segments.	0
Beyond the advertisements, the syndicator is planning a traveling arena show, new TV specials for CBS and even an exhibit at the Smithsonian Institute.	The yearlong schedule of festivities will be kicked off officially with a combination live and animation half-time special at the Super Bowl in January.	0
IBM has no plans to recall its add-on cards and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays.	We don't look at this as a major problem for us.	0
about its consideration of an Ellesmere Port site for its first major engine plant in Britain.	If they try to build it somewhere else {in Europe} besides the U.K., they are going to be in big trouble" with unionists over any Jaguar deal.	1
The volume we received from the banks was a lot lower than usual.	A disaster-contingency plan in which the Los Angeles Fed would come to San Francisco's aid wasn't needed.	1
it will close its loan production offices in Chicago, New York and Philadelphia.	The Chicago office figured prominently in the bank's problems earlier this year, when $65 million in loans to Chicago businessman William Stoecker went sour.	1
I think they'll be able to move faster to make acquisitions in Texas.	That's something they can do very well.	1
Second, it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congressional representatives.	Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but not the overall cost associated with every other legislator doing likewise for his own constituency.	0
We are not in any hurry to sell" Saks, Marshall Field or B.A.T's other U.S. retail properties.	This isn't a distress sale.	1
but that it's happy to deal with him.	We like to make our own judgments" about Mr. Morishita.	1
that the verdict reaffirms her position and our position that advertisers and advertising agencies cannot with impunity imitate the voices of well-known performers.	That is a property right that belongs to the performer.	1
Among 2,412 of the largest OTC issues, short interest rose to 196.8 million shares, from 185.7 million in 2,379 stocks in September.	Big stocks with large short interest gains as of Oct. 13 included First Executive, Intel, Campeau and LIN Broadcasting.	0
The latest wave of marketing is instructive.	Several outfits are advertising "college planner" tables and charts that tell you how much you need to put aside regularly.	0
That's because when Coke looks to the Pacific area, it sees an economic and demographic gold mine.	In countries such as Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore, economies are growing, resulting in a rise in disposable income that consumers can use for soft drinks.	1
Soviet police clashed with demonstrators in Moscow following a candlelight vigil around the KGB's Lubyanka headquarters in memory of those persecuted under Stalin..More than 1,000 Muscovites attended the service.	A splinter group demonstrated in Pushkin Square, where the police clubbed and detained a number of protesters.	0
Yet, late last year, Congress effectively reversed this decision by enacting a one-sentence statute that defined fraud to include any scheme to deprive another of "the intangible right of honest services.	At a stroke, this may criminalize all fiduciary breaches.	1
But the savings will be minuscule.	Each hour of Olympics and baseball in prime time will cost CBS $2.6 million to $2.8 million; an hour-long drama costs only $900,000.	1
Conservatives should take a position prior to the administration's year-end deadline.	The issues are too important to be left to the financial and budget ministries fighting over the size of the capital increase, rather than its purpose.	1
If anything, the gyrations in world stock markets since last Friday's sharp Wall Street sell-off have increased the likelihood of shareholder approval for the restructuring.	Thank God we have some deal on the table," said Stewart Gilchrist, a director at Scottish Amicable Investment Managers, which intends to vote its roughly 1% stake in favor of the restructuring.	0
It won't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick.	Steelmakers announced a round of base-price increases last year, but began offering sizable discounts over the summer.	1
There was a general feeling that we'd seen the worst.	The resignation came as a great surprise.	1
Their stock in trade as "executive producers" is sniffing out hot properties, locking them up and then getting big studios to bankroll and distribute them.	Sometimes Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do little more than grab the first draft of a screenplay for a "Flashdance," or buy rights to a best seller such as "The Color Purple.	0
because they suspect the company's glory days are past, or at least passing.	Block's tax-preparation business is mature and some of its diversifications are facing tough competition.	1
that the market's strong reaction to Wall Street reflects a general uneasiness about the dollar.	that the DJIA's swift drop proved an easy excuse for the market to drive the U.S. currency in the direction it was already headed.	0
GTE Corp. and MCI Communications Corp. reported strong earnings gains to record levels for the third quarter.	Southwestern Bell Corp. and Cincinnati Bell posted slight declines.	0
Alarmed, state and federal authorities are trying to devise ways to certify and regulate planners.	Industry groups and reputable planners who are members of them want comprehensive standards, too.	0
Likewise, mutual funds remained relatively flat until I made what was, for me, a serious investment.	By 1987, these properties were in a tailspin, causing my broker at Pru-Bache to remark that she'd "never seen anything like it.	0
Mr. Engelken moved south to Washington, but he took with him enduring memories of the homer of 1951.	When his wife, Betsy, came down the aisle on their wedding day in 1966, Mr. Engelken -- no slouch on the romantic front -- gave her the ultimate compliment: "You look prettier than Bobby Thomson's home run.	0
Equally important, the initial discovery of the gene that controls retinal cell growth, made by a Boston doctor named Thaddeus Dryja, has opened a field of cancer study, which in recent months has exploded.	It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights about the most basic workings of cancer.	0
she will learn, via a pelvic examination and ultrasound, not only that she is pregnant, but just how pregnant she is.	No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non-pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging.	1
I guess we'll reluctantly go ahead and do it, vote for Dinkins.	There's nothing on the other side.	1
Here a fund may promise to pay back, say, $95 of every $100 invested for a year, even if the market goes much lower.	The fund could invest $87 for one year in Treasury bills yielding 8% to return the guaranteed $95..That leaves $13, which could be used to buy S&P 500 options that will nearly match any gain in the S&P index.	1
Exports, which played a key role in fueling growth over the last two years, seem to have stalled.	Factory payrolls and production fell in September.	0
I'm encouraged.	the earlier strident notes struck by {U.S..Commerce Secretary Robert} Mosbacher and {U.S..Trade Representative} Carla Hills have been more rounded.	1
Such efforts are the latest attempts to revive the sagging $1.76 billion U.S. ski industry.	Since the start of the decade, lift-ticket sales have grown only 3% a year on average, compared with 16% annual growth rates in the '60s and '70s.	0
But Ford, Jaguar's biggest shareholder since lifting its stake to 10.4% this week, is pressing harder for talks with Sir John.	We're getting to the point where we are going to have to meet" with him, one Ford official said yesterday.	0
and demographics are helping pharmacies.	The nation's aging population will boost demand for prescription drugs.	0
NCNB Corp. raised $1 billion in new capital during the third quarter.	In yesterday's edition, the amount of new capital was misstated.	0
Among the glitterati who turned out in bipartisan black-tie force to benefit the Coelho Epilepsy Fund last month were Sen. Robert Dole, Rep. Newt Gingrich, and other kingpins of Congress.	Dan Rather served as emcee.	0
In the year-earlier period, Colgate posted net income of $60.2 million, or 88 cents a share.	Last year's results included earnings from discontinued operations of $13.1 million, or 19 cents a share.	0
that if there were Chinese purchases, they should have had a bigger effect on the market.	that if China was a buyer, it would be the earliest that country had made purchases since the 1979-80 crop year, and thus would be a bullish sign.	0
that the worm gets into a computer center by looking for obvious passwords -- such as ones that are the same as the user's name.	If it finds one and gets into the system, it will display a screen when a user logs on that says, "Worms Against Nuclear Killers. . . . You talk of times of peace for all, and then prepare for war.	0
unfavorable foreign-exchange rates and a lower tax rate.	Earnings for the group declined to $11 million from $33 million last year.	1
For the nine months, Jefferies said net fell 39%, to $6.8 million, or $1.07 a share, from $11.1 million, or $1.50 a share.	Revenue fell 3%, to $105.2 million from $108.4 million.	0
The proposed guidelines could also delay commercialization -- and force small companies to waste scarce capital.	If start-ups can't have early access to research being conducted at institutions, "we have to replicate it ourselves or do without the research.	1
it is offering to purchase the $154.2 million amount of its 12 3/4% senior notes due June 15, 1991, at par, plus accrued interest to the Dec. 8 purchase date.	the offer is required under the senior note indenture as a result of Control Data's recent sale of its disk drive subsidiary, Imprimis, to Seagate Technology Inc.	1
I think the problems in the junk-bond area are just beginning, and this will be very unsettling for companies that have issued junk bonds.	In a bull market, credit does not matter But when it does matter, then it's the only thing that matters.	1
Margin rules determine the minimum amount of cash an investor must put up when buying a security.	Current rules permit investors to put up less cash for futures than for stocks.	0
But while the Composite gained 1.19, to 462.89, many issues didn't participate in the advance.	It was a mixed bag.	0
Health benefits are contentious issues in the strikes against Pittston Co. and Nynex Corp.	In their new contract this year, American Telephone & Telegraph Co. and the Communications Workers of America agreed to look for "prompt and lasting national solutions" to rising health-care costs.	0
It's no longer enough to beat the guy down the street.	You have to beat everyone around the world.	0
One essential indicator that they are is that members of minority groups get elected to public office with reasonable frequency.	As is, blacks constitute 12% of the population, but fewer than 2% of elected leaders.	0
The issue has been simmering for years.	It doesn't take much to provoke an intense debate.	1
Hard Copy," the new syndicated tabloid show from Paramount Pictures, will use its 900 number for additional purposes that include research.	For a piece on local heroes of World War II, we can ask people to leave the name and number of anyone they know who won a medal.	0
He and his father still spend time each summer fly-fishing for salmon in Iceland.	Living in Hong Kong made him sensitive to the limits on food, power and water supplies.	0
If the Colombian media accept this new and hideous censorship there is little doubt that the drug mafia's terrorism someday will extend to all the newspapers published in the free world.	The solidarity of the uncensored media world-wide against drug terrorism is the only way press freedom can survive.	1
The Communications Workers of America says supervisors listen in on an estimated 400 million calls each year.	Among companies saying they monitor employees are United Airlines, American Airlines, United Parcel Service, Nynex Corp., Spiegel Inc., and the circulation department of this newspaper.	0
that Gen. Torrijos seemed afraid to act on the concerns of the U.S.	Everybody was afraid of him.	1
Sometimes, they'll choose Ragu spaghetti sauce.	other times, it will be Prego.	0
The self-proclaimed father of on-site massage is David Palmer, a 41-year-old San Francisco masseur whose mission is to save the touch-starved masses.	To help do this, Mr. Palmer developed a portable massage chair three years ago that he hopes will bring "structured touching" into mainstream America.	1
Many of his peers feel the same way.	The number of big institutions that own H&R Block shares is 207 and growing, according to a midyear tally by CDA Investment Technologies.	0
It was just the culture of the industry that kept it from happening.	The Georgia-Pacific offer has definitely changed the landscape.	1
But his fans, to his constant amazement, never let him forget the famous four-bagger.	His mail regularly recalls "my one event," and has been growing in recent years.	0
A private challenge to the monolithic tractor industry will take more time and money than Poland can spare.	Poland makes no machinery for a plant on that scale.	1
Galileo will skim past Earth in 1990 and 1992.	that Galileo also could crash to Earth then.	1
that state banks extend more credit to shopkeepers so that they can purchase manufacturers' goods.	This will prevent a slide in industrial production, which will otherwise cause new panic buyings.	1
Prospective competition is one problem.	Last week a closely held New Jersey concern, Papetti High-Grade Egg Products Co., rolled out an aseptically packaged liquefied item called Table Ready.	1
third-quarter net income grew, despite stiff competition in all of the company's markets.	Net income rose to $699 million, or 65 cents a share, from the year-earlier $587 million, or 55 cents a share.	0
Develop rental agreements with exclusive purchase options for the renter.	An occupant will, in most every case, be better for the home and neighborhood than a vacant house.	1
This kind of contingency analysis is common in war planning and business planning.	There is no reason that it can not be done for defense planning.	0
At Quotron, the company's National Call-In Center assembled a tactical team at 5 a.m. yesterday to begin rerouting lines and restore service to brokers and traders.	The company dispatched as many as 200 people in the San Francisco area to do the work, though most of the rerouting was done by computer.	0
Just after midnight Monday, federal spending started to drop by $16 billion.	What do you say we all close down the poker game, go home and bank the $16 billion.	1
In the Senate, Majority Whip Alan Cranston used his position to win not only the expanded credit but also more generous treatment than the House had permitted in the distribution of highway funds in the next six months.	The emergency assistance wouldn't be counted against a state's normal allocation of annual highway funds, and the bill circumvents existing restrictions that otherwise would prevent the use of federal aid to repair a toll road, such as the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge damaged in last week's earthquake.	1
To an unusual degree, the massive bill has become a vehicle for lawmakers to earmark funds for projects in home states.	the conference agreement is laced with veterans' hospitals, environmental projects and urban grants designated for specific communities.	1
Primarily because there's more to the matter than Ronald Reagan's personal values, or lack of them.	Selling the presidency for a mess of pottage is not so much a devaluation from the norm of public life today as it is a reflection of the disintegration of public standards.	1
British Airways may have begun to have second thoughts about the transaction after the Transportation Department forced Northwest's Airlines' new owners to restructure the equity contribution of KLM Royal Dutch Airlines in that carrier.	it planned to curtail foreign ownership stakes in U.S. carriers.	0
if GM's agreement with Jaguar effectively locks out its U.S. rival.	Ford's appetite to attack {Jaguar} could gradually wane over time.	1
The end of the first half, however, brought what the standing-room-only crowd seemed to be waiting for: the pop singer Judy Collins, who appears on "Inner Voices." Glamorous and pure-voiced as ever, Ms. Collins sang Joni Mitchell's "For Free" -- about an encounter with a street-corner clarinetist, to which Mr. Stoltzman contributed a clarinet obligatto -- and Mr. Douglas's lush setting of a Gaelic blessing, "Deep Peace." "Deep Peace" also featured a slide show of lovely but predictable images of clouds, beaches, deserts, sunsets, etc.	It was all too mellow to be believed, but they probably would have gotten away with it, had they not felt compelled to add Ms. Collins's signature tune, "Amazing Grace," and ask for audience participation.	0
It is indeed hard to back away from a widely publicized forecast, and Mr. Straszheim is fidgeting with the handcuffs on this trip.	His approach to the recantation is direct but low-key.	1
They should see to it that their kids don't play truant; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework; they should scrutinize the report card.	If parents are dissatisfied with a school, they should have the option of switching to another.	0
That's a problem because cash isn't earning us very much money.	This is the most difficult market that I've been involved in.	0
that Time's priorities changed.	Their management changed right after {the venture was formed}, and I don't think they were comfortable getting into the competitive wars of women's service magazines.	1
I told him to make Mitchell reach for everything, and that's what we did.	The ball he hit wasn't a strike.	0
Name-dropping recently helped Mr. Houston-Montgomery crash a party Fame magazine threw for 100 of the 2,809 people mentioned in the diaries of the late Andy Warhol.	I guess I might have asked Beauregard to leave, but he drops so many good names, we decided to let him stay.	1
Intelogic Trace, a computer services company, was spun off to Datapoint holders in 1985, after Mr. Edelman gained control.	After Mr. Ackerman announced he was soliciting consents from shareholders in order to wrest control of Datapoint from Mr. Edelman, the corporate raider purchased 30% of Datapoint's shares.	0
Mr. Lang has named Carol Taber, 43, as group publisher of New York-based Lang Communications.	She will oversee Working Woman, Working Mother and Success magazines, and retain her post as publisher of Working Woman.	0
Interest is a great deal higher than it was a year ago.	The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here.	0
The Arab states, always bitterly resentful of U.S. support toward Israel, realized they held an irresistable weapon -- oil.	Early in October, six Arab nations in the Persian Gulf jacked up prices sharply.	1
With newly installed escalators, the store retains its signature wood-and-brass look but is less intimidating.	More shirts and sweaters will be laid out on tables, instead of sitting behind glass cases, so that customers can "walk up and touch them.	0
The situation was like that of a skier who is thrown slightly off balance by an unexpected bump on the slope.	His skis spread farther and farther apart.	1
The Asian Art Museum in Golden Gate Park reports $10 million to $15 million in damage, including shattered porcelains and stone figures.	Its neighbor, the De Young Museum, totaled $3 million to $5 million in structural damage and shattered sculpture.	0
They persuaded Mr. Trotter to take it back and, with the help of the FBI, taped their conversation with him.	After his arrest, the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard.	0
Sales for the year rose nearly 30% to $5.28 billion from $4.07 billion a year earlier.	the Macintosh SE/30 and IIcx computers, introduced in the winter, for the brightened sales performance.	1
What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are lackeys of the imperialists and the only ones in Asia or in Southeast Asia.	We are willing to share the political burden of being host to America, an imperial power.	1
all 30 offices in Bay area were working, but in various states of disarray.	Business was slow because many companies were closed yesterday.	0
Although the current management team may be outstanding, who will be the CEO in 10 years.	Although the five-year strategy may be excellent, what will be the strategy in 25 years.	0
The FCC plans to hear a day of testimony Nov. 16 on the plight of AM radio.	The commission believes that improving AM service would broaden listening selections and increase options for advertisers.	1
Nope, we still say to stick with Treasurys.	Ratings are subject to change.	1
I always knew that the 'Big One' was coming, but not during my lifetime.	Now she's thinking of contacting her own insurance agent.	0
In this they are aided by years of American, European, Pakistani and Saudi support for the most extreme factions -- radical Islamic fanatics with leaders whose policies are anathema to the Afghan public.	This heavy outside support for the worst has undermined better, moderate leaders.	0
We consumers tend to have long memories.	The businesses subscribing to Mr. Laband's effective price system will be remembered when normalcy returns.	1
Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies.	The sharper definition and the autonomy which each will thereby gain will benefit shareholders, customers and employees.	0
We expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period, but we don't think it will be ugly.	The downside is limited.	1
Officials at the University of Virginia Art Museum certainly would agree.	Their museum had purchased an Attic black-figured column krater and shipped it from London.	0
they hoped to conduct tests on human patients in the U.S. by late next year.	Japan doesn't have enough AIDS patients to do significant experimentation in that country.	1
to stealing and selling original signed and dated comic strips, among them 29 Dick Tracy strips by Chester Gould, 77 Prince Valiant Sunday cartoons by Hal Foster, and a dozen Walt Disney animation celluloids, according to Barbara Hammond, the museum's director.	He sold them well below market value to raise cash "to pay off mounting credit-card debts," incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend.	0
I'm not so young anymore.	I won't be throwing 90 mph.	1
For the nine months, America West posted earnings of $18.9 million, or 97 cents a share, compared with a loss of $9.7 million, or 74 cents a share, a year earlier.	Revenue rose 27% to $715.1 million from $563.8 million.	0
because of Lloyd's practice of leaving the books open for three years to allow for the settlement of claims.	Lloyd's only recently reported its financial results for 1986.	1
Over the first few weeks, "Mancuso FBI" has sprung straight from the headlines, which is either a commendable stab at topicality, or a lack of imagination, or both.	The opening show featured a secretary of defense designate accused of womanizing (a la John Tower).	0
But now, with large amounts being raised from investors, the government's dawdling on regulation and disclosure requirements has a more dangerous aspect.	The Securities and Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year, along the lines of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, but New Delhi hasn't pushed the legislation to make it operational.	1
It's supposed to be later but I just moved it.	In Los Angeles, it's important to catch people just after work.	1
Now, they're charging as little $3 a day.	If they're telling the truth now, then they've been charging 300% more than what is reasonable.	1
In restaurants (in this case, the Russian Samovar, a New York restaurant operated by and for Soviet emigres), she didn't want the chirpy, folkish music bouncing through the room.	and called over to the waitress: "Could you turn it off.	1
In his peaked military cap and neatly pressed, French-made uniform, Noriega felt more respected and powerful than ever in his underprivileged life.	He had an elegant uniform with gold buttons in a country where there was a cult of militarism, where officers were the elite with special privileges.	1
Much of HUD's spending actually is disguised welfare for developers or the middle class.	That includes the CDBG funds and the Federal Housing Administration.	0
Last month, the complaints intensified and the massages ended.	Now we're looking for a room with thicker walls.	1
that MCA and the Bronfmans have agreed on a price at which they can be bought out.	If a bid materializes at that price, shareholders will have every reason to be glad.	1
the capital-gains reduction plan adopted by the House would not be temporary, but permanent.	I hope that you begin talking about the plan's permanent and, in my view, most beneficial feature -- indexation.	1
Unless other rules are changed, the devaluation could cause difficulties for the people it is primarily meant to help: Soviets who travel abroad.	Over the past three years, thousands of people here have made use of looser travel restrictions to get their first taste of life abroad But under current rules, they are allowed to change just 200 rubles into dollars and other currencies for each trip..At the new rate, that would give them about $30 to travel on.	0
I want to know who made the decision that it was safe for 186,000 people to use every day.	he would convene hearings within two weeks.	1
The Series typically is among the highest-rated sports events on television.	Last year's series, broadcast by General Electric Co. 's NBC, was the lowest-rated Series in four years.	0
Some traders were thought to be waiting for the auto sales report, which will be released today.	Such sales are watched closely by platinum and palladium traders because both metals are used in automobile catalytic converters.	1
I was never a rebel.	I don't think most of the people that have been around me would ever say they've seen me pound the table or get angry.	0
Proponents of simplification fear that the chances of getting it into the final bill are waning.	We hear it has low priority on the House side," says Samuel Starr of Coopers & Lybrand, CPAs.	0
regulators have concluded that lenders' reserves are far too low to absorb their future Arizona losses.	Examiners from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency had been combing through First Interstate's real-estate portfolio since last month.	0
The Communists froze prices instead.	The farmers ran a boycott.	1
Moreover, the burden of consumer credit payments relative to disposable income may be "lower in this cycle than earlier.	that some "revolving credit-card credit is actually convenience credit" being used simply as a handy way of paying bills rather than a handy way of borrowing.	1
The average American watches seven hours of TV a day.	They are very visually sophisticated.	1
Hunt's attempt to squeeze the silver market 10 years ago is still indirectly to blame for today's market depression.	While some 100 million ounces of silver once held by Mr. Hunt and Middle Eastern associates aren't hanging over the market anymore, the price surge of 1979-80 precipitated an expansion of mine production and scrap recovery and encouraged silver consumers to economize on silver use.	1
Real estate firms are also using their alliances with financial institutions to amass acquisition funds.	Why should you beat your brains out fighting the environmentalists, the neighborhood groups, dealing with traffic mitigation, sewers and fighting city hall, then try to convince a lender to lend you money in an overbuilt market when you can get pension fund money, buy a portfolio, sell off pieces off it and play your own game.	1
The unit stabilized about midday New York time at around 1.85 marks and 141 yen, prompting unconfirmed rumors that the U.S. Federal Reserve had intervened to blunt the unit's tumble.	The dollar finished at its intraday highs.	0
If there's going to be a race to the courthouse, it hasn't started yet.	Mr. Covert had to search through law books scattered on the floor of his office yesterday, and Mr. Belli's courtyard was strewn with bricks.	1
Marshall figured it would be good training for those soldiers.	They had fun moving the carriers around.	0
Mr. Brady also said he expects the leveraged buy-out phenomenon to "end under (its) own weight.	Asked whether there is anything Congress should do to curb the LBO boom, Mr. Brady responded, "I think the LBO phenomenon, (while) it won't stop completely, will be a thing of the past.	0
The settlement prices of the December, February and April gold contracts were even with Monday's final prices.	The December 1989 contract, which has the greatest trading volume, ended at $371.20 an ounce.	0
it sees good opportunities in systems integration.	we're getting only 10% of the integration dollars our customers are spending.	1
Rather, they tend to have a set of two or three favorites.	Sometimes, they'll choose Ragu spaghetti sauce.	1
But according to bankers and stock analysts who have studied the paper mill, price isn't the only consideration.	As it stands now, the government would continue to hold 45% of Picop after the 36% stake is sold.	1
where per-capita consumption isn't as high as in Singapore.	Coke could be interested in more quickly developing some of the untapped potential in those markets.	1
Mr. Frank told Mr. Pilson that Olympics officials wanted $290 million or more for TV rights to the 1994 Winter Games in Norway.	The CBS official said that price sounded fine.	0
What's more, it represents an important step for the Alley Theater.	Measure for Measure" is Mr. Boyd's first directorial assignment as the theater's new artistic director He succeeded Pat Brown, who was fired by the Alley board 18 months ago..Her dismissal angered many in the regional theater establishment and led Peter Zeisler, head of Theatre Communications Group, to write an editorial in American Theatre magazine condemning the board..None of this backlash could change the fact that Ms. Brown's regime was remarkably undistinguished and unimaginative.	0
The issue exploded this year after a Federal Bureau of Investigation operation led to charges of widespread trading abuses at the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange.	While not specifically mentioned in the FBI charges, dual trading became a focus of attempts to tighten industry regulations.	1
that insulate passengers from bumps, potholes and other rigors of the road.	These "active suspension systems" electronically sense road conditions and adjust a car's ride.	0
For construction in West Virginia, Mr. Bush requested $4.5 million; Congress gave Senator Byrd's state $21.5 million..Senator Byrd is chairman of the Appropriations Committee..For Iowa, a $1.8 million request became $12 million for Senator Grassley, ranking minority member of a military construction subcommittee.	Rep. Jamie Whitten of Mississippi and chairman of House Appropriations turned a $20 million Bush request for his state into a $49.7 million bequest.	0
I always lift the hood.When my car doesn't start;.If gadgets at home don't work.I coolly take them apart.	there's nothing wrong.That I ever do find.	0
Westamerica said Mr. Decker's posts were assumed by David Payne, Westamerica's chairman, who at 34 years of age becomes one of the youngest chief executives of a sizable bank in the country.	Mr. Decker is about 45 years old.	0
That would send prices plummeting from what some gun-shy U.S. oil executives still regard as too low a level.	Patrick J. Early, president of Amoco Corp. 's oil-production unit, says that despite recent stability, he plans continued tightening of costs and exploration spending.	0
Still, few investors are able to sit tight when they are convinced a recession is coming.	After all, in all five recessions since 1960, stocks declined.	1
One case of cancer or a high-risk pregnancy with a sick infant, and rates go up 40% to 60%.	Small-business people end up paying insurance premiums worth two to three times the cost of one illness.	1
It was a jarring day for investors in Genetics Institute.	The stock tumbled 2 3/4 on news that it might have to take a charge against earnings if it can't successfully resolve a dispute with its European licensee, Boehringer Mannheim, over its anti-anemia drug, EPO.	0
Or open up an electronics magazine and peruse the ads for sneaky tape recorders and other snooping gadgets.	Some would make even James Bond green with envy.	0
In the world of intelligence, if you want to get information, you get it from seedy characters.	The question is how much you get tied in with seedy characters so they can extort you.	1
With the February 1987 U.N. accords "relating to Afghanistan," the Soviet Union got everything it needed to consolidate permanent control.	The terms of the Geneva accords leave Moscow free to provide its clients in Kabul with assistance of any kind -- including the return of Soviet ground forces -- while requiring the U.S. and Pakistan to cut off aid.	1
That would require fourth-quarter net of more than about 22 cents to 24 cents a share.	In the year-earlier fourth quarter, the company had profit of $2.7 million, or 15 cents a share.	0
they are not in a mood to ease aggressively.	They are telling us that {8 3/4%} is as low as they want to see the fed funds rate.	0
The reputed wealth of the Unification Church is another matter of contention.	For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree, with such purchases as the former New Yorker Hotel and its adjacent Manhattan Center; a fishing/processing conglomerate with branches in Alaska, Massachusetts, Virginia and Louisiana; a former Christian Brothers monastery and the Seagram family mansion (both picturesquely situated on the Hudson River); shares in banks from Washington to Uruguay; a motion picture production company, and newspapers, such as the Washington Times, the New York City Tribune (originally the News World), and the successful Spanish-language Noticias del Mundo..Yet these purchases can be misleading.	1
The cost of raising a pig kept bounding ahead of the return for selling one.	The farmers stayed angry.	1
But the scope of Seagram's Chivas promotion sets it apart.	The current campaign is just the first leg of an aggressive three-to-five-year direct marketing plan.	0
Typically, banks offer CD yields higher than those on Treasury bills, which are considered the safest short-term investments.	banks need a competitive edge to sell their products.	1
General unsecured creditors of Maxicare's continuing operations initially will receive $47 million in cash, $35 million face amount of senior notes, and 49% of the new company's stock General unsecured creditors of Maxicare's discontinued operations initially will receive $17.8 million in cash and $10 million in senior notes.	Maxicare's public shareholders will receive 2% of the new company's stock and warrants entitling them to acquire as much as an additional 5% of the stock on a fully-diluted basis.	0
My prediction is there will be mass litigation over errors and omissions in engineering and contracting.	that Interstate 880 suffered serious damage while surrounding buildings appeared to sustain no damage whatsoever.	1
Operating profit dropped 35%, however, to #3.8 million.	Brooks Brothers, which Marks bought last year, saw operating profit drop in half to #5 million.	0
When they talk mega-issues, they're truly talking mega.	The capital market is booming.	0
Among other things, the restructured facilities will substantially reduce the group's required amortization of the term loan portion of the credit facilities through September 1992, MLX said.	Certain details of the restructured facilities remain to be negotiated.	0
it means a bipartisan majority.	The sustainability of U.S. foreign policy is essential Why was containment so successful?.Because it had bipartisan support.	1
that's what happened to him.	Mr. Cortese, a 33-year-old Delta Air Lines engineer, invested some $2,000 in penny stocks through a broker who promised quick returns.	0
Sources in the industry and on Capitol Hill say a compromise that would placate the industry while addressing the SEC's concerns may be possible.	An aide to the Senate Securities Subcommittee says some legislators support the concept of risk disclosure, but adds: "nobody is wedded to the language in the bill.	0
In recent weeks, warm and dry weather has sped the Midwest harvest and that is permitting farmers to rebuild the stockpiles that were cut by the 1988 drought.	If the weather allowed farmers to work in their fields over the weekend, many Midwest grain elevators will probably sell futures contracts today at the Chicago Board of Trade in order to hedge their weekend purchases from farmers.	1
and budget gimmicks and deceptive management in particular.	As we will see, many of these obligations don't show up as part of the federal deficit.	1
the exchange faces big challenges.	This is a watershed time, and we are trying to plot our way ahead.	0
At Air Products, meanwhile, the mailroom staff opens junk mail and often throws it away -- even if addressed to an individual.	If they get 50 packets of something, they open one, see what it says, throw 48 away and send two to people or departments they think are appropriate.	0
El Al director Rafi Har-Lev and top officials of the Soviet Union's Aeroflot negotiated a preliminary pact in Moscow this week.	that concluding the deal requires approval by the governments of both countries.	0
Global allocation funds take the asset-allocation concept one step further by investing at least 25% of their portfolios outside the U.S.	This gives them the added benefits of international diversification.	1
For example, Warner made more than $100 million from filmed entertainment in three months.	That's a big number.	0
but as a consumer advocate she feels impelled to take it.	her group used to give tips on selecting planners -- check educational and experience credentials, consult regulators and Better Business Bureaus -- but found that even some people who took these steps "were still getting ripped off.	1
there's opportunity for a smart gasoline marketer to create a strong brand image and more consumer loyalty.	What loyalty there is to gas brands is a matter of stopping at the most conveniently located service stations.	1
but ABC Sports also uses the calls as a sales tool.	After thanking callers for voting, Frank Gifford offers a football videotape for $19.95.	0
the restructuring's initial phase will feature a gradual reduction in assets and staff positions.	The plan may include selling branches, consolidating or eliminating departments, and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months.	0
However, Mr. Kloves directs his own material without sentimentality and at its own eccentric pace.	Baker Boys" is both bluesy and funny.	1
The New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group earlier this year began offering advertisers extensive merchandising services built around buying ad pages in its Golf Digest magazine.	Time Warner Inc. recently formed a "synergy department" to seek out ways to offer advertisers packages that could combine Time's magazines with Warner products such as videocassettes.	0
The decision to keep the embattled F-14's production line running for at least another year is an important victory for the House, and especially for Rep. Les Aspin (D., Wis.	As the head of the House conferees, Rep. Aspin has been under intense pressure from his colleagues to reject Senate provisions that would have abruptly cut further F-14 production.	1
It's reasonable to say there is not a solvent S&L in the state and the amount of viable bank capital is very low.	We're going to see another big wave of failures and defaults between now and year-end.	1
No way.	I think re-enactments stink.	1
But the Supreme Court's opening of debate may have changed even that.	that the single-issue voters had about evened out.	1
The environment is a lot more trading-oriented.	Because there is a lot more volatility now, if guys see that they can make a quick 10% or 15% profit, they'll take it.	1
which "doesn't save one dollar.	It just makes healthy businesses subsidize unhealthy ones and gives each employer less incentive to keep his workers healthy.	0
and the building started shaking like crazy.	It's a flimsy structure, built up on supports.	1
Trying to time the economy is a mistake," says David Katz, chief investment officer of Value Matrix Management Inc. in New York.	that some economists have been predicting a recession for at least two years.	0
Intertan jumped 2 1/4 to 56 7/8.	The company reported that earnings from operations for the September quarter were up about 25% from a year earlier.	1
Even lobbyists for heavy industry are encouraged.	The return of pro-investment tax breaks such as those for capital gains and IRAs "creates more of a mood or a mindset that is helpful for getting better depreciation (write-offs) or investment credits.	1
For the first nine months of the year earnings fell 14% to $390 million, or $3.85 a share, from $453 million, or $4.46 a share, a year earlier.	Sales rose to $8.19 billion from $7.65 billion.	0
Conversely, there are the majority of unsuccessful schools, and we know which efforts at educational reform are doomed beforehand.	We really do know all we need to know, if only we could assimilate this knowledge into our thinking.	1
Fund selling also picked up at that point.	According to Bernard Savaiko, senior commodity analyst at PaineWebber, the only stability to the market came when short sellers periodically moved in to cover their positions by buying contracts.	0
that "a lot of this is intentions.	We'll have to wait and see" how the plan develops.	0
All this is causing convulsions in professional football.	Owners, largely complacent in the past, are now almost desperately looking for ways to lower costs and raise revenue.	0
The discount rate on three-month bills rose to 7.52% for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75%.	The rate on six-month bills rose to 7.53% for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.92%.	0
Rorer in July had projected lower third-quarter operating profit but higher profit for all of 1989.	the company is still looking for "a strong fourth quarter in all areas -- sales, operating income and net income.	1
But Mr. Rey brought about a merger in the next few years between the country's major producers.	the increased efficiency has perked up the industry.	1
We used the data to redesign our sorting system and put our resources where they could do the most good.	The team even created a points system to identify those couriers and subgroups that were doing the most to reduce package-sort cycle time.	0
It is the right-wing guerrillas who are aligned with the drug traffickers, not the left wing.	This information was gleaned from your own news stories on the region.	0
Congress seems likely to let the new chairman have his way for a while.	Members of the Senate Banking Committee know Mr. Breeden from working on the thrift-bailout bill, and the relationship generally remains warm.	1
Non-executive directors of Qintex Australia, who must approve payments to the senior executives, balked at the amount.	Two of the directors resigned so the payments haven't yet been approved.	0
Others question the impact on Chivas's upscale image of a promotion that has customers soaking off labels.	It's really bizarre," says Albert Lerman, creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency.	0
But then steady, concentrated buying by Bear, Stearns & Co., which frequently buys stock for corporate raiders, took hold and steadied the fall in UAL, which eventually buoyed the entire market.	The industrial average closed down only 3.69 points at 2659.22.	0
Yes, they are.	That's the only question we need to address.	0
I'm probably not going to vote for any capital-gains proposal.	The IRA portion (of the Packwood-Roth plan) is irresponsible.	1
Still, encrypting corporate communications is only a partial remedy.	the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer-maintenance workers, for example, doubling as foreign spies.	1
There's a certain cruel logic at work here.	It's particularly appropriate -- and tragic -- that the land that produced Karl Marx should prove socialism's failure in an experiment that uses its own people as controls.	0
this was because hefty fare increases earlier in the year scared off many leisure travelers this summer.	To try to combat the traffic slowdown, airlines started reducing fares.	1
Earlier this year, Dataproducts had rejected a $15 a share offer from DPC, saying it wasn't adequately financed.	DPC last week launched a new, $10-a-share offer for the Woodland Hills, Calif.-based computer printer maker.	0
it would use the proceeds to pursue additional expansion opportunities in the Southwest and elsewhere.	the transaction was a positive move for First City.	1
The returns landed in the hands of an Internal Revenue Service criminal investigator, Samuel James Baker.	Mr. Baker interviewed or wrote to hundreds of catfish farmers, live-haulers and processors throughout the South.	0
that a government that wants steady, stable exchange rates might try some steady stable economic policies.	Trying to manage exchange rates to some desired level would mean diverting monetary and fiscal policies from their customary roles and thereby risking excessive inflation and unemployment and inadequate capital formation.	0
Many commuters who normally drove across the Bay Bridge actually may have reached work a bit faster on BART yesterday, provided they could find a parking space at the system's jammed stations.	In the best of times, the Bay Bridge is the worst commute in the region, often experiencing back-ups of 20 to 30 minutes or more.	1
Anyway, ZBB's procedures were so cumbersome that everyone involved was crushed under a burden of marginalia.	A strategic review is fundamentally different.	0
But there may be another problem with the device: Despite all the political angst it would cause, it mightn't be effective in cutting the deficit.	Big chunks of the government budget, like the entitlement programs of Social Security and Medicare, wouldn't be affected.	1
but it is simply wrong.	The Clean Water Act contains no "legal standard" of zero discharge.	1
In recent weeks Mr. Merksamer has approached a number of his suppliers and asked them to provide letters of intent saying they will continue shipping merchandise to the chain following the buy-out.	This year, a number of retail leveraged buyouts have failed, causing jitters among suppliers, and Mr. Merksamer apparently wanted assurances that he won't have delivery problems.	1
but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms, preferring to talk about "savings" and "investment" instead.	The implication is that your permanent-insurance policy is really some kind of CD or mutual-fund account with an added feature.	1
that there are numerous other important measures Democrats badly wanted passed -- such as the scaling back of a controversial catastrophic health-care plan for the elderly -- that might provide the president leverage in cutting deals with Democrats.	A capital-gains tax cut might be paired with such measures to help ensure passage.	1
The World Series, seven nights, wasn't enough of an incentive.	You've got to judge where the network will be in three years.	0
Whitbread's spirits auction occurs amid a parallel shakeup in the British beer industry.	Earlier this year, the government announced plans to foster increased competition in the industry.	0
that the federal Drug Enforcement Administration has established a federal-local task force responsible since April for 106 arrests and more than $2 million in seizures of drug dealers' assets.	The Defense Department has lent the Washington U.S. attorney 10 prosecutors, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided crime laboratory facilities and training, he added.	0
Bristol-Myers said net income rose 15% to $266.2 million, or 93 cents a share, from $232.3 million, or 81 cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales gained 5% to $1.59 billion from $1.52 billion.	0
Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding.	It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering.	0
Mrs. Thi didn't wait for the reforms to get her start.	She charged ahead of the government and the law to establish Hochiminh City Food Co. as the biggest rice dealer in the country.	0
Sometimes Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do little more than grab the first draft of a screenplay for a "Flashdance," or buy rights to a best seller such as "The Color Purple.	It falls to others to do the writing, directing and producing.	0
they are highly uncertain about the veracity of the separate documents leaked to the New York Times.	The papers refer to terrorist acts to be carried out in the name of a group called "the Revolutionary Eagles.	1
Mr. Bockris previously reported getting bursts of excess heat and of detecting increasing amounts of tritium forming in the heavy water.	he's gotten evidence that there is a "weak correlation" between the time the heat bursts occur and the production of tritium.	0
So far, the mega-issues are a hit with investors.	Earlier this year, Tata Iron & Steel Co. 's offer of $355 million of convertible debentures was oversubscribed.	0
If both copies of a second gene were then deleted, the polyps would progress to malignancy.	It was clear that more than one gene had to be damaged for colon cancer to develop.	1
neither the Contra nor the SDI cause can be pushed much further without more presidential support.	For there to be wind in the sails of any program, the chief executive has to be blowing in the sails.	0
the gentlelady is making an important statement.	The implication that if a congressman calls about a project in his district there's something wrong is most unfortunate.	1
We see a lot of interest in those kind of things.	People comfortable with the passive approach are using them for other strategies.	1
Scott Paper Co. said it is abandoning a proposed $650 million tree-farming project in Indonesia.	The eucalyptus plantation and pulp mill had been approved by Indonesia's investment board.	0
there is enough money on hand to deal with immediate requirements.	The Bush administration has at its disposal $273 million in funds remaining from the $1.1 billion Congress released for the cleanup after Hurricane Hugo.	0
Virginia GOP lieutenant governor candidate Eddy Dalton tries to have it both ways on the abortion issue.	Though she opposes abortion in almost all cases, she airs a TV commercial using pro-choice buzzwords.	0
When Poland moves to reform, it can at least lean on its past.	However flawed and short-lived Joseph Pilsudski's interwar republic, it was a nonsocialist democracy.	1
It involved the athletics director, two different football coaching staffs, and school trustees and governors -- just about everybody, it seemed, but Donald Shields, the university's president.	There's a memorable passage in which Mr. Shields, having finally learned of the practice, expresses his outrage to Bill Clements, then a university governor (and now the governor of Texas!) and oil man Edwin Cox, chairman of the board of trustees.	0
According to the suit, Mr. Peterson has yet to return the plaintiffs' investment.	They want it back.	0
And now he's busily trying to explain an arrangement in which he sold stock in Inner City Broadcasting Co., headed by his old friend and patron, Percy Sutton, to his son, David Dinkins Jr., for $58,000.	He had valued the shares at more than $1 million two years earlier.	1
Fidelity's junk fund has fallen 2.08% this year through Oct. 19.	the Vanguard fund rose 1.84%.	0
Pegasus Gold "has been on a lot of recommended lists as a junior growth company stepping into the big leagues.	It's a good company, and growing.	1
Reds and yellows went about their business with a kind of measured grimness.	Some frantically dumped belongings into pillowcases, others threw goods out windows.	0
Compaq Computer, which had lost 8 5/8 Thursday following a disappointing quarterly report, gained 5/8 to 100 5/8..International Business Machines dropped 7/8 to 99 7/8.	Digital Equipment tacked on 1 1/8 to 89 1/8, and Hewlett-Packard fell 3/8 to 49 3/8.	0
the three independent directors provided for in the offer would be designated by the current board..The successors would be nominated by the independent directors..LIN would have a priority right to pursue all opportunities to acquire U.S. cellular interests in markets other than those in which McCaw holds an interest, or which are contiguous to those markets, unless LIN has an interest there or contiguous to it..Independent directors would have veto rights to any acquisition if they unanimously decide it isn't in LIN's best interest..Independent directors would be able to block transactions they unanimously deem would be likely to depress the private market value of LIN at the time it is to be sold in five years..If LIN is put up for sale rather than purchased by McCaw in five years, McCaw won't submit a bid unless the independent directors request it, and the independent directors will run the bidding.	The directors would be able to sell particular assets to enable such buyers as the regional Bell operating companies to purchase the company's interests.	0
The earthquake caused many streets to buckle and crack, making them impassible.	Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines.	0
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5%, the highest rate in Europe.	Housing is scarce and public services -- the court system, schools, mail service, telephone network and the highways -- are in disgraceful condition.	0
that offering holders a higher, $70-a-share price is "a fairly effective method of blocking" the Stena-Tiphook bid.	that the sale of assets would allow Sea Containers to focus on its core container businesses.	0
They, as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model, are supporting the direction Spain is taking.	It would be sad for Mr. Gonzalez to abandon them to appease his foes.	1
and they want shots of people getting out of cars and kids on skateboards.	They are approaching everyone on the street and asking if they want to be in a docudrama.	0
Westinghouse's earnings could be materially enhanced in the mid-1990s or sooner.	The company expects a need for 140,000 megawatts of new generation in the U.S. over the next decade.	1
Results for the 1988 quarter included a gain of $1.05 a share from sale of the Reda Pump and Oilwell Cable units, partly offset by a charge of 69 cents a share for recall of faulty truck steering systems.	The latest quarter included a gain of 11 cents a share as a partial reversal of the recall charge.	0
At a news conference this week, Bank of Japan Gov. Satoshi Sumita cautioned banks to take a "prudent" stance regarding highly leveraged deals.	Despite Mr. Sumita's statements, it is the Finance Ministry, not the central bank, that makes policy decisions.	0
For Ms. Johnson, dealing with the earthquake has been more than just a work experience.	She lives in Oakland, a community hit hard by the earthquake.	1
Sure.	The quake and baseball weren't related, unlike the massacre of athletes that attended the 1972 Olympics.	1
this is the event that will change the psychology of the marketplace.	His firm, along with some others, issued new buy recommendations on insurer stocks yesterday.	1
and the importance of human-generated CFCs in reducing it is largely a matter of conjecture.	The ozone layer is constantly in motion and thus very hard to measure.	1
where every square foot makes a dollar.	Older people help profits by filling in "downtime.	0
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000, Omron Tateishi Electronics Co., of Kyoto, hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run.	Managers have long been those who supervise their subordinates so orders would be properly acted on But new managers will have to be creators and innovators . . . and for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both inside and outside the company can be reached easily, and also shared.	0
Some Canadian political commentators have opposed Canada's joining what they see as a U.S.-dominated organization.	Canada could do plenty of things to get serious about Latin America without running the risk of getting caught in the cross fire" between the U.S. and Latin American members of the OAS, said Jeffrey Simpson, a columnist in Toronto's Globe & Mail newspaper.	0
Well, notes IRS private ruling 8934014, "a fundamental principle" is that income must be taxed to whoever earns it.	The rule goes back at least as far as a 1930 Supreme Court decision.	0
The experiment was stopped briefly to change an instrument.	When it was restarted, heat output "really took off.	0
One reason they use Newport Beach is that it sounds swankier than most addresses.	Newport Beach is known in Rhode Island for having a lot of rich people.	0
In one of the most sweeping environmental regulatory efforts to date -- involving products with an annual value of $135 billion in the U.S. alone -- the signatories agreed to curtail sharply the use of chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs.	World-wide production would be cut in half by 1998.	1
In addition, an investor who wants to know the daily value of Treasury bonds, or corporate bonds traded on the New York Stock Exchange, can simply check newspaper listings.	There aren't any such listings for asset-backed securities.	0
Since then she has become wealthy.	Her husband and older son -- a computer prodigy profiled in The Wall Street Journal in 1981, when he was 13 -- run a software company with expected sales this year of $10 million.	0
Congressmen raised the issue yesterday at a hearing.	Mr. Breeden, not missing a chance to press his agenda, cited the earthquake.	0
The supply of experienced civil engineers, though, is tighter.	In recent months, California's Transportation Department has been recruiting in Pennsylvania, Arizona and Texas for engineers experienced in road and bridge design.	1
that the Manhattan borough president has taken too long to decide important issues.	We didn't rubber-stamp everything that came to us.	0
and in a neighborly spirit hit both the Gutfreunds and the building with a $35 million lawsuit.	Nothing less, it seemed, could console them for their traumas.	1
And we certainly do not believe that Mr. Gorbachev or any of his emissaries yet deserve to have the West take their word for it.	Sverdlovsk is a large gray cloud over glasnost and indeed over the legitimacy of the arms-control process itself.	1
Some analysts also were disturbed by a pickup in the growth of business inventories.	While a buildup of these stocks adds to GNP, it can hurt the economy because a pileup of unsold goods can lead to production cuts and layoffs.	1
because we want experience in the field.	We expect a big market in the future.	1
Mr. Carpenter says that when he assumes full control, Kidder will finally tap the resources of GE.	One of GE's goals when it bought 80% of Kidder in 1986 was to take advantage of "syngeries" between Kidder and General Electric Capital Corp., GE's corporate-finance unit, which has $42 billion in assets.	0
the charter would put poorer EC countries such as Spain, Greece and Portugal at a disadvantage.	It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards for pay and working hours.	1
that there certainly isn't any drilling boom.	Only 14,505 wells, including 4,900 dry holes, were drilled for oil and natural gas in the U.S. in the first nine months of the year, down 22.4% from the like 1988 period.	1
And deposits at NCNB Texas National Bank, a unit of NCNB Corp., Charlotte, N.C., have increased $2 billion since last year after heavy advertising stressing commitment to Texas.	Obviously, pride sells in Texas.	1
The index is intended to measure future economic performance.	A figure above 50 indicates the economy is likely to expand.	0
that the company engaged in unfair sales practices that encouraged customers to overpurchase services.	The company has denied the allegations but has negotiated a proposed $18 million settlement of related lawsuits.	0
The opening credits are being redone to make Teddy's situation clear to viewers who have not been with us since the beginning.	Those viewers find the show confusing.	1
the White House never wavered over the veto.	Christopher Smith (R., N.J.), a pro-life leader in the House, suggested a compromise that would have adapted restrictive language from rape and incest exceptions in the states.	0
A half-hour later, the woman is smiling and chatting.	the demon seems to have gone.	1
Lloyd's has lost control of the situation.	They aren't controlling their destiny like they used to.	0
How was the West won.	With a six-shooter in one hand and bourbon in the other.	0
The company, for its part, maintains that many of the disputed documents are privileged attorney-client communications that shouldn't be turned over to prosecutors.	A hearing is scheduled on the issue today.	0
Aside from the takeover news, big buy orders were placed for blue-chip shares in afternoon trading.	the buy programs came from very large institutional accounts that were also active in the stock-index futures markets.	0
The previous period's results included a $108 million pretax charge related to unrecoverable contract costs and a $12.3 million pretax gain on real estate sales.	Sales for the latest quarter were flat, at $1.72 billion.	0
Stock-index funds have grown in popularity over the past decade as pension funds and other institutional investors have sought a low-cost way to match the performance of the stock market as a whole.	Many money managers who trade stock actively have trouble consistently matching the S&P-500's returns.	1
Other manufacturers are equally cautious.	Bud Konheim, president of Nicole Miller Inc., says his company is now shipping only to the flagship stores of the Federated and Allied chains.	0
and Jaguar shares moved up 19 pence to 696 pence ($11).	On the U.S. over-the-counter market, Jaguar's American depositary receipts rose 12.5 cents to $11.125.	0
If the ships aren't delivered, however, it will likely have an effect on the company's earnings as soon as the 1990 fiscal year, which begins Dec. 1.	those estimates are based on Fantasy being in operation in 1990.	1
The small U.S. firms are persisting because of their strong positions in patents, and because the prize is still there to be seized.	No one yet has shown the ability to manufacture these panels" at commercial costs.	1
Telos responded by combining three of its five divisions to reduce expenses and "bring more focus to potentially fewer bidding opportunities.	It's evident we're entering a more competitive era.	1
Give television a chance to cover live any breaking of the law, and no second invitation will be required.	This brings into question the motives of those who lead civil disobedience demonstrations.	1
But so far there's little evidence the "new urgency" is trickling down to the managers who actually do hiring.	Is there really a commitment or an illusion of activity.	1
By late yesterday, both sides appeared prepared to bury the hatchet.	The White House announced that Mr. Agnos, along with the mayors of Oakland and Alameda, are to accompany President Bush on a tour of the earthquake area today.	1
but so far Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan hasn't made a pitch for the job.	The Fed has plenty of responsibilities in times of market turmoil and in 1987 and again in 1989 it appears to have handled them well.	1
We've been putting in long hours -- six-day weeks and 13-hour days for the last two months.	A year ago you'd spend two days working and two days in the yard.	0
And, despite its image as a technology superpower, Japan has a lot of weaknesses.	It's a world leader in semiconductors, but behind the U.S. in making the computers that use those chips.	0
Indeed, the government is taking a calculated risk.	Mr. Ridley's announcement set off a howl of protests from members of the opposition Labor Party, who accused the Thatcher administration of backing down on promised protection for a privatized company.	1
Both sectors of imports and exports look just as bad.	He expects the company's trading business to drop as much as 40% this year.	1
People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that's `healthy' for you -- oats, bran.	he wouldn't be surprised if, over the next two years or so, General Mills' share increased to 30% or more.	1
Not that the language war is won, even on "Batibot.	During one recent episode, all the advertisements were in English.	1
But the words that boomed over the loudspeakers bore messages of peace, unity, negotiation and discipline.	We stand for peace today and we will stand for peace tomorrow.	0
that he suggested in May 1987 that the government cancel the Bofors contract.	According to Gen. Sundarji, that would have forced Bofors to disclose the names of the middlemen who received kickbacks from the company.	1
that the industry's poor performance stems from its failure to give customers what they want -- rather than from increasing competition from gasoline stations and 24-hour grocery stores.	Convenience store merchandise has not kept pace with current trends in consumer preferences.	0
One generation ago, Mom joined Dad.	Now, in the `90s, we're headed toward a total resort environment.	0
Under the plan, Costa Rica will buy back roughly 60% of its bank debt outstanding at a deeply discounted price, according to officials involved in the agreement.	The remainder of the debt will be exchanged for new Costa Rican bonds with a 6 1/4% interest rate.	0
When a hospital in Lexington installed a lithotripter last year, demand for a similar kidney-stone smashing machine at a Humana hospital in Louisville fell 34%.	The Humana hospital responded by jacking up prices to make up for lost revenue.	1
Since the 1970s energy crisis, some efforts to conserve energy by sealing buildings have had an unintended side effect: high indoor pollution.	To reduce it at the fund's building, workers rubbed beeswax instead of polyurethane on the floors in the executive director's office.	1
Other blue-chip consumer issues also fared relatively well.	PepsiCo rose 1 3/8 to 58 1/2.	0
The most common use of spying devices is in divorce cases.	they can mean leverage in a settlement.	1
What a bunch of nonsense.	This sets things way back.	0
There's a distinct possibility that I may lose my job over this.	her employer can't afford the rate increases.	1
It can be hard for a salesperson to fight off feelings of discouragement.	You have pride in your job.	1
Sen. Pryor (D., Ark.), a leader on the issue who generally backs the House plan, wants some changes -- for one, separate sanctions for negligence and large misstatements of tax owed, not a single penalty.	He would ease the proposed penalties for delayed payroll-tax deposits and for faulty Form 1099 and other reports that taxpayers correct voluntarily.	0
Shares closed lower in other major Asian and Pacific markets, including Sydney, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taipei, Wellington, Seoul and Manila.	Most of those markets had rebounded the day before from Monday's slide.	0
Defections, burnouts, and abduction "deprogrammings" kept member turnover high.	That the membership number has even kept close to its 1976 size is the result of the "graying" of the church.	1
Nine-month net fell 9.5% to $323.4 million, or $1.36 a share, from $357.2 million, or $1.32 a share, a year earlier.	Revenue dropped 5.4% to $3.48 billion from $3.68 billion.	0
Part of the reason for the heavy activity in derivative markets is that underwriters are repackaging mortgage securities being sold by thrifts.	thrifts have stepped up their mortgage securities sales as the bond market has risen in the past two weeks.	1
researchers there detected a burst of neutrons from an early cold fusion experiment last April but decided not to announce it until they could confirm it.	In subsequent experiments, one of two neutron detectors occasionally indicated a burst of neutrons but neutron bursts were never recorded in both detectors at the same time.	0
TransTechnology Corp provides a more dramatic example of cost-cutting.	The company not only merged three military-electronics manufacturing operations, but also closed an unrelated plant that makes ordnance devices used in fighter planes and missiles.	0
that neither man represents a "safe" middle-class haven.	Nora's decision is between emotional excitement and emotional security, with no firm economic base anywhere.	1
Monitoring shows that the Natick team's new system really does reduce cycle time for the morning package sort.	The vans leave at least 15 minutes earlier, on average, than they used to.	0
when stock prices moved broadly lower.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 26.23 points to 2662.91.	0
A deep trench now runs along its north wall, exposed when the house lurched two feet off its foundation during last week's earthquake..A side porch was ripped away.	The chimney is a pile of bricks on the front lawn.	0
An ebullient Mr. Johnson, wearing a NASA baseball cap and carrying a camera and binoculars, called the launch "fantastic.	Benny Chin, manager of the Galileo probe, compared it to watching a child leave home.	0
For example, we'll bet you thought that the stock market crashed two years ago.	Wrong.	0
The market was pretty dull" for most of the day.	some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week, especially Friday's potentially market-moving employment report.	1
Prosecutors in Miami received yet another setback.	Their original indictment against Mr. Wittgreen, the friend of Mr. Noriega, and the other four was dismissed on a technicality.	0
The curbs prevent a buyer from purchasing more than 15% of Jaguar shares without permission.	This is an exceptionally odd takeover battle.	1
Circuit breakers, designed to give the markets a breather in cases of sharp price movements, curb trading of futures or stocks at various trigger points.	At certain points during the Friday the 13th drop, circuit breakers kicked in on the futures market, slowing trading at times.	0
Everybody and his sister have opened up M&A shops.	It's difficult to see that there's going to be enough business to go around.	1
The only permanent losers will be the 200,000 or so workers everyone agrees will be priced out of a job at the $4.25 rate Congress is likely to approve today.	It is compromises such as this that convince Washington's liberals that if they simply stay the course, this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues.	0
Judges Oakes and Leval understand the requirements of historical scholarship.	Judges Miner and Altimari do not appear to have a clue.	0
Leading the gains for Du Pont in the latest quarter was its industrial products segment.	The company benefited from continued strong demand and higher selling prices for titanium dioxide, a white pigment used in paints, paper and plastics.	1
A stronger U.S. dollar reduced third-quarter and first-nine-month sales growth 2% and 3%, respectively.	International sales accounted for 47% of total company sales for the nine months, compared with 50% a year earlier.	0
that having a defensive position is appropriate.	Companies that piled on debt in leveraged buy-outs during the past two years "will continue to surface as business problems.	1
And as for Tom Landry, well he had played out his winning years.	After posting losing seasons in each of the last three years, the Cowboys needed a change.	1
but rivals contend that it will take a beating.	ABC lost $75 million on the 1988 Winter Games, partly because of its $309 million rights fee.	1
The government is nervous.	According to Mr. Korotich, who was present, Mr. Gorbachev's publicized tongue-lashing of the press on Oct. 13 was more of a plea: "Be careful boys; use good judgment..We're standing in gasoline, so don't smoke.	1
The world being the nasty place it is, we want Presidents to have the freedom to order operations in which someone might get killed.	In such situations, you cannot write rules in advance, you can only make sure the President takes the responsibility.	1
On Friday, the stock-index futures market was unhinged from the stock market when the Chicago Mercantile Exchange halted trading in Standard & Poor's 500 futures contract.	Futures trading resumed a half-hour later, but the session ended shortly thereafter, leaving the stock market set up for more sell programs, traders said.	0
The Phillips facility manufactures polyethylene, polypropylene and K-resin, plastics used in a wide array of applications, including milk jugs and toys.	Plastics are the cornerstone of Phillips' chemicals operations.	0
Our October 12 editorial should have been more precise.	It meant to convey our hope that the Senator and other members of the congressional left are broadening their dislike of Noriega to include other notorious Central American drug runners.	0
Eight years I've had it.	A cultural center has been built, shops.	0
Quebecor started the Philadelphia Journal, a daily tabloid, in 1977 and closed it three years later.	The venture cost Quebecor $12 million.	0
For the nine months, net -- including profit from discontinued operations both years and in 1988 an extraordinary charge of $17.7 million related to settlement of a lawsuit -- was $170.6 million, or $4.54 a share, up 5.8% from $161.3 million, or $4.32 a share, a year ago.	Eaton earned from continuing operations $165.1 million, or $4.40 a share, down 7% from $177.5 million, or $4.76 a share, a year earlier.	0
Mr. Lawson, though not allowed to join the EMS, chose to "shadow" the deutsche mark.	He reaped inflation along with rapid growth, no doubt validating Sir Alan's predictions in the Prime Minister's mind.	1
But U.S. intelligence, rather than rein in or cut loose its new spy, merely filed the report away..Mr. Noriega's tips on emerging leftists at his school were deemed more important to U.S. interests.	From that point on, the U.S. would make a practice of overlooking the Panamanian's misadventures.	0
The Pentagon has led the charge, particularly as military alliances spread world-wide.	New weapons systems will be around until the next century.	1
and Ann McDonough is first-rate as a succession of witnesses' wives.	With one she is pregnant, with Major Battle she is knitting an American flag, and as the vice president's wife she rushes in with white hair, wearing a tailored suit and pearls, imitating Barbara Bush's gestures down to the last detail.	0
Maxicare, which filed for bankruptcy protection March 16, has total debt of $750 million.	The company has promptly paid all its expenses and obligations since March 16.	0
Both have been raised at least 30% in recent years, even while the price of gasoline has fallen.	Dragging Prop. 13 into this story is a pretty long stretch.	1
and most average a leisurely 5-10 miles an hour.	When the balloon is cruising along at a steady altitude there is little sense of motion.	1
Speculation as to the nature of aliens will no doubt continue until we wake up one morning to find they've taken over "The Today Show," the way they overwhelm an entire town in Jack Finney's "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" (Fireside/Simon & Schuster, 216 pages, $8.95.	Maybe some of our talk-show hosts and anchors have already been taken over.	0
During the coup attempt and its aftermath, NSC staffers were "stretched very thin.	It's a very small shop.	1
What you'll hear as we get into December is that sales are sluggish.	The week ending the 24th is going to save the entire month for everyone.	0
that the French insurer would keep Farmers' headquarters in Los Angeles and "will not send French people to run the company.	Axa would also maintain Farmers' relationships with the insurance exchanges that it manages.	0
Apple Computer Inc. has doubled its staff here over the past year.	Lotus Development Corp. has slashed the lag between U.S. and Japan product introductions to six months from three years.	0
Abby Joseph Cohen, a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert, isn't nearly so sanguine about the market's chances of surging to new highs anytime soon.	Her view is that stock prices have three major props: merger and buy-out proposals, earnings and the economic outlook..At current levels of economic activity and earnings, stocks are fairly valued, she says..But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business, and UAL has obviously put a damper on that. "Stocks aren't cheap anymore, there have been some judicial and legislative changes in the merger area and all of this changes the arithmetic of deals," she says. "I'm not saying they've stopped altogether, but future deals are going to be structured differently and bids probably won't be as high.	0
Simple policy prescriptions in this case would be to improve debt collection (taking the gloves off contracted collection agencies) and to deny new credit to defaulters.	These provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program intended to provide a subsidy, but would be reasonable and effective devices for programs that attempt to offset market imperfections.	1
However, to resume the bull trend, according to Mr. O'Neill, copper would have to close over $1.19.	there are two reports this week that might affect prices: the purchasing managers report on Wednesday and the unemployment report on Friday.	0
It doesn't matter whether they call it guidelines or policy.	The damage is already done.	1
Japanese culture vs..American culture is irrelevant.	The key is how a manager from one culture can motivate employees from another.	0
NATO defense ministers are expected to call for a reduction in nuclear forces in Europe when the alliance's nuclear planning group convenes a two-day session today in Portugal.	The ministers are to reshape NATO's defenses in Western Europe amid fast-paced changes in the Soviet bloc.	1
Excise-tax returns due by Oct. 31 or Nov. 30 may be delayed to Jan. 16.	Extensions can't be granted for filing employment-tax returns due Oct. 31 or for depositing withheld taxes, but late penalties will be abated for deposits made by Nov. 15.	0
The decision, which affects millions of dollars of trading positions, was made late yesterday because the Pacific exchange's options floor was shut down as a result of Tuesday's earthquake.	it was necessary to ensure that options listed on the exchange could be traded today and tomorrow.	1
The U.S. exchanges need both market integrity and cost-efficiency.	long-term growth depends on it.	1
there is good technical support between $1.10 and $1.12 a pound for December copper, which ended Friday at $1.1580 a pound, up 1.6 cents.	the $1.10 to $1.12 range as a buying opportunity and considers the market oversold.	0
Some investors whose names were bandied about by traders as potential UAL stock buyers said they weren't buying.	I'm not interested," said Dallas investor Harold Simmons.	0
the decision to start these proceedings hasn't been taken lightly.	the British firm has used the name "Deloitte" since 1845.	1
Excluding the gain, the company registered a modest 4.6% increase for the quarter ended Sept. 29 to $113 million, or 87 cents a share, from the year-earlier $107.9 million, or 84 cents a share.	Proceeds of the Adobe sale brought net income in the quarter to $161.1 million, or $1.24 a share.	0
Robert J. Regal was named president and chief executive officer of this company's Universal-Rundle Corp. unit.	Mr. Regal had been president and chief executive of RBS Industries Inc.	0
Also, because of its reduced capital budget, Pemex has phased out about 50,000 transitory construction workers, reducing the work force to about 140,000.	the union's sacrifices will be offset by a wage and benefit package that amounts to a 22% increase in compensation.	0
The stadium was ordered evacuated soon afterward.	that there also had been damage of the sort reported by my friend.	1
SUSPECT "SALES" ads are challenged by the Better Business Bureau of Metropolitan New York.	The bureau found that only two of six New York furniture stores could prove their presale prices were higher.	1
that it regrets that Paribas isn't bidding for all of Navigation Mixte's shares.	that if Paribas wins its 66.7%, remaining Navigation Mixte shares will fall in value.	1
The shift of retailing to large shopping centers has created even greater economies of scale for providing low-crime business environments.	Private security guards and moonlighting police can invoke the law of trespass to regulate access to these quasi-public places.	1
But you know about campaign promises.	It still doesn't look like governments are coughing up everything they know.	0
The two banks appear to be a good fit.	BanPonce caters to a more affluent customer, while Banco Popular has always had a large presence among middle-income and lower-income markets.	1
White, 24 years old, a singer in her church choir, she symbolizes a generation that gave its heart and its vote to Ronald Reagan.	I felt kind of safe.	1
We were coming down straight into their canal.	See, the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you can't steer.	1
Newspapers published articles about him, and he was hailed as "the tire king.	His efforts earned a gold medal at a national exhibition -- and attracted renewed attention from local authorities.	0
Steve and his firm were still worth a lot of money.	A package of credit support was put together.	1
Yesterday's vote dealt with the largest of these bills, an estimated $156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor, Education, and Health and Human Services.	To gain more leverage, abortion-rights advocates may seek to fold the bill into an omnibus continuing resolution next month.	1
Mr. Guzman Cabrera's new order hasn't arrived without resistance.	Brawls between union factions still erupt at Pemex installations.	0
Kemper also blasted the Big Board for ignoring the interests of individual and institutional holders.	The New York Stock Exchange has vested interests" in its big member securities firms "that cloud its objectivity," Mr. Timbers said. "It has never been interested in what we think..The Big Board also has a terrible communication problem with individual investors," he added.	0
that the strategy of GAF's attorney, Arthur Liman, and Mr. Sherwin's counsel, Stephen Kaufman, will include testimony by Mr. Sherwin or Mr. Heyman.	Neither testified at the previous trials.	0
that "circuit breakers" put in place to damp volatility after the 1987 crash actually added to volatility when the stock market plunged Friday.	The circuit breakers caused a 30-minute shutdown in trading in Standard & Poor's 500-stock index futures contract as the markets were falling.	0
The Swedish publishers of a new Estonian-language newspaper rushed an extra edition across the Baltic on Oct. 10 after the first run sold out in one day.	plans had called for 7,000 copies of the monthly Are Paev (Business Paper) to be sold at newsstands and an additional 3,000 promotion issues to be sent by direct mail.	0
But such skills were alien to Toni Johnson.	Four years ago, she was managing a film-processing shop and was totally bored.	0
John Peterpaul, Machinists union general vice president, attacked Mr. Wolf as "greedy and irresponsible" for pursuing the buy-out.	Although Mr. Wolf and John Pope, UAL's chief financial officer, stood to pocket $114.3 million for stock and options in the buy-out, UAL executives planned to reinvest only $15 million in the new company.	1
But the strong pitch by Mr. Cheney may be too little too late to prevent damage to SDI.	The House has already voted for a deep cut in funding.	1
This is fun.	she used the market's wild swings to buy shares cheaply on the sell-off.	0
In one sense, this limits him.	unlike a writer such as Gabriel Garcia Marquez Mr. Mahfouz's style offers little that can be labeled "Egyptian.	1
October was an edgy month for the practitioners of glasnost, the official Soviet policy of allowing more candor from the nation's media.	For one of the superstars of glasnost, Vitaly Korotich, editor of the trail-blazing weekly Ogonyok, Friday, Oct. 20 was a somersaulting day that turned from tension to elation.	0
There's a pretty good program inside all the noise of "Mancuso FBI.	If the show's creators could just let themselves be quiet for a little, they might just hear it.	1
K mart Corp. Chairman Joseph E. Antonini summed up his outlook for the Christmas season as "not troublesome.	He's not predicting a blockbuster, but he is "more optimistic than three months ago" because employment remains strong and inflation low.	0
But the two groups represent a further step in defensiveness.	If gold stocks and utilities continue to lead, it may signal that the market is in for rough times.	1
These people aren't necessarily stupid or naive.	Almost all of us in comparable circumstances might be victimized in some way.	1
From a financial standpoint, the boom couldn't come at a better time.	Many Japanese companies expect record profits this fiscal year.	1
The judge, suspended from his bench pending his trial, which began this week, vehemently denies all the allegations against him, calling them "ludicrous" and "imaginative, political demagoguery.	He blames the indictment on local political feuding, unhappiness with his aggressive efforts to clear the courthouse's docket and a vendetta by state investigators and prosecutors angered by some of his rulings against them.	0
Chicagoans have just elected 540 neophyte school boards, one for each school.	This of course led to disaster in New York City.	0
It is more difficult to deny a general bigotry in seeing things only the Japanese way.	When the response to criticism is only a better explanation of policies without altering the reasons for the criticism that Mr. Kageyama has still failed to attack the root cause of the problem and is simply treating symptoms.	1
Excluding the gain, P&G's earnings were close to analysts' predictions of about $1.40 a share for the quarter.	Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company's domestic sales and earnings, and more substantial increases in overseas results.	0
Six partners in the Richmond, Va., firm of Browder, Russell, Morris & Butcher announced they are resigning.	Five of the partners are opening a boutique in Richmond to concentrate on corporate defense litigation, particularly in product liability cases.	0
It's just not cost efficient.	The place costs nearly $2 million a year to maintain.	0
he and his fellow underwriters underestimated by as much as 50% the premiums they should have charged for property risks from 1980 to 1985.	How unprofessional we must have appeared to the outside world -- how incompetent at risk assessment and evaluation.	1
IRA rules have been changed over the years.	One in 1981 raised to $2,000 a year from $1,500 the amount a person could put, tax-deductible, into the tax-deferred accounts and widened coverage to people under employer retirement plans.	0
He will compensate with the guile learned from his years in the majors.	He has good control.	0
And they are a very odd team in any case.	Mr. Guber was raised in Boston and educated in New York.	1
While advertisers have long appealed to Texans' state pride and prejudices, the latest trend has been sparked, in part, by the state's recent hard economic times.	That has taken some of the swagger out of natives who like to brag that Texas is the only state that was once a nation, but it has increased their legendary resentment of outsiders.	1
that against the backdrop of a nearly 40-point rise in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, that shouldn't necessarily be taken as a sign of great strength.	Some cut their earnings estimates for the stock this year and predicted more efforts to control costs ahead.	1
Last year, the Irish airport authority, in a joint venture with Aeroflot, opened four hard-currency duty-free shops at Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport.	Aer Rianta now manages duty-free sales on all Aeroflot international flights out of Moscow.	0
So two cheers for the new rules.	Justice has finally recognized its employees' abuses, thanks largely to the demands for reform by former U.S. attorney in Washington Joseph diGenova, who wants to salvage RICO for real criminals.	1
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and, some say, an arrogant and abusive one.	While his case may be extreme, it reflects the vulnerability of many small communities to domineering judges.	1
The stocks that have been the best are having big pullbacks, and the ones that have been the worst are getting clobbered.	He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December.	0
Despite many doubts about his candidacy, white New Yorkers aren't expected to desert in sufficient numbers to turn the election to Mr. Giuliani.	The former U.S. attorney, who prosecuted targets ranging from Mafia dons to Wall Street executives, has succeeded in raising questions about Mr. Dinkins's ethical standards, but so far has failed to generate excitement about his own candidacy.	1
He was found not guilty of three charges, involving accusations that he had improperly disclosed information about a sensitive, government investigation.	The Senate didn't vote on six lesser charges.	0
Most important of all, schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty, the curriculum, and all matters of student discipline.	Study after study -- the most recent from the Brookings Institution -- tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside interference and are governed by a powerful head.	1
Someone has regrettably chosen to selectively summarize portions of highly classified correspondence between the two branches of government.	Not only does this come close to a violation of law, it violates the trust we have all worked to develop.	1
Small-business patrols would be an especially helpful gesture whenever a small-business person is scheduled to testify against a robbery suspect.	While no guarantee, an increased police presence might even deter further attacks.	0
Currently, Avon, based in Santa Monica, Calif., has 3.3 million common shares outstanding.	About 1.1 million Class C warrants were issued.	1
The resulting firm prices and stability "will allow both producers and consumers to plan confidently.	Consumers offer security of markets, while OPEC provides security of supply.	1
The shift won't affect operations.	As part of its restructuring several years ago, Exxon moved most of those out of the city and sold its 53-floor Rockefeller Center skyscraper to a Japanese company.	1
As the tough, slinky lounge chanteuse in "The Fabulous Baker Boys," Ms. Pfeiffer sings for herself, and more than passably well.	Her Susie Diamond handles a song the way the greats do, like she's hearing the way it should sound inside her head and she's concentrating on matching that internal tone.	0
Gingerly, some economists began to blame central planning.	Some writers in theoretical journals even raised the notion of introducing democracy, at least in the workplace.	0
Collectively, the statements raised questions about whether a new bid for UAL will ever get off the ground.	The transaction has had a series of setbacks since the financing problems became known last Friday, with no signs or statements from the buy-out group to indicate that any progress has taken place.	1
It's doubtful, though, whether circuit breakers do any real good.	In the additional time they provide even more order imbalances might pile up, as would-be sellers finally get their broker on the phone.	1
The stock market ain't going to do much of anything" for a while.	that Friday's market decline may have a second leg, perhaps a 10% to 15% drop later on.	0
New Environmentalism is an emotional attack on proven methods of improving our quality of life and a bid for political power.	Let's rationalize our priorities by solving pollution problems at the local level as heretofore.	1
The government insists that such a possibility is low.	It says that despite loose regulation of the market itself, its longstanding regulation of industry will prevent such crashes.	0
Raymond Donovan, the New Jersey construction executive who was forced to resign as labor secretary and indicted in 1985, only to be acquitted of fraud charges, often calls other scandal-tossed public figures to offer a sympathetic ear.	Each time a new scandal hits it pulls the scabs off your knees.	1
Excluding the volatile categories of energy and food consumer prices still rose only 0.2% in September.	Transportation costs actually fell 0.5%, and housing costs gained only 0.1%.	0
The centerpiece of the overhaul, according to Mr. Roberti, is the men's tailored clothing department, where Brooks Brothers has added new suit styles and fabrics.	The perception out there is that we are very conservative and we only sell one type of suit.	1
To make skiing more convenient for time-strapped visitors, several resorts are buying or starting their own travel agencies.	In one phone call, ski buffs can make hotel and restaurant reservations, buy lift tickets, rent ski equipment and sign up for lessons.	1
We have to clear up these issues and find out what is present that is creating artificial volatility.	There is no question that investor confidence (in the stock market) is critical.	1
P&G's Always sanitary napkin, sold under the Whisper name in Japan, has firmly established itself as a leading brand.	P&G will expand its personal-care product line in Japan to "continue that momentum.	1
The main argument for growth stocks is their usually superior performance in a slowing economy.	If the market refocuses on earnings, we should get better valuations of growth stocks.	1
I'm not so optimistic of its future use in therapeutic methods.	some infected cells may not have the relevant antigen and so wouldn't be killed even after exposure to the antibody.	1
We'll raise it through bank loans.	We'll raise it through {new} equity.	0
Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received.	This was a Kidder Peabody stand-alone decision.	0
but some securities analysts doubt it.	that among large existing properties Bally Manufacturing Corp. 's Bally Grand hotel-casino probably will be hardest hit among major properties.	0
The focus for some time has been on the copper supply, and good demand has been taken for granted.	Now that the supply situation seems to be improving, it would be best for traders to switch their concentration to the demand side.	0
The animal had to be destroyed.	the bikers fled and were never found.	0
The probe, which is painless, non-invasive and apparently harmless, employs strong magnetic fields to induce small whirlwinds of electricity within the brain.	If positioned over the brain's motor-control area, the hand-held electromagnets generate nerve impulses that zip down motor nerves and activate muscles, making, say, a finger twitch.	1
The campaign, a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights, doesn't mention cigarettes or smoking.	cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971.	1
The only question is, how deep is it going to be.	The outlook for corporate earnings is fairly bleak.	0
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat.	Their cowardly acts of civil disobedience weakened the national fabric and threw additional burdens on those who served honorably in that conflict.	1
an operation that it handled smoothly Tuesday night after the quake.	The volume we received from the banks was a lot lower than usual.	1
The bottom line is, it seems to me that the economic environment has become very, very competitve for a lot of businesses.	Back in 1987-88, business was operating at fairly tight capacity, so businesses felt they could raise prices.	0
Monday's rally continued yesterday for only about 20 minutes after the opening.	even though there was arbitrage buying in New York because of the weak dollar, cocoa fell to relentless pressure from bearish traders.	0
At my hotel, the Westin, power was out, some interior plaster had broken loose and there had been water damage, but little else.	With Garpian randomness, a hotel across the street, the Amfac, had been hit harder.	0
Their principal asset is Manville common stock.	If they tried to sell, they'd be chasing their own tail.	1
In late New York trading the dollar was at 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen compared with 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen Wednesday.	The dollar soared against the pound, which was at $1.5765 compared with $1.6145 Wednesday.	0
In Brussels, it was the first trading day for most major shares since stocks tumbled on Wall Street Friday.	Trading had been impeded by a major computer failure that took place before the start of Monday's session.	1
In January, American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer, Richard A. Gilleland, 45.	A few days later, American Medical announced sharply lower earnings, taking charges of $24 million for insurance reserves and canceled real estate leases.	0
The former comes from the latest wave of political activism in Hollywood, especially around feminist issues such as abortion..The latter comes from the perception, on the part of many people in network TV, that their only hope of keeping viewers from defecting to cable is to fill the airwaves with an increasingly raw sensationalism.	Put these together, and you get programs about rape.	1
But our education proceeded at the hands of those others, who were merely competent and conscientious.	In this sense, a teacher can be compared to one's family doctor.	1
Dick Darman, call your office.	Embedded in the "budget" being concocted by the House-Senate conference committee is something that looks, smells and waddles like a duck.	1
For the nine months, earnings totaled $36.6 million, or $1.24 a share, down 46% from $68.1 million, or $2.19 a share, a year earlier.	Revenue was $454.6 million, a 6.9% gain from $425.4 million.	0
that so far, three of the six schools that carried the program in a five-week test last spring have subscribed to the program.	One of the test schools, Withrow High School in Cincinnati, rejected the project.	0
the French company is still determined to acquire Connaught.	Merieux can transfer new products and technologies to Connaught more rapidly than other companies "not currently producing and marketing vaccines {who} can only promise this for some . . . years in the future.	0
September was one of the biggest order months in our history.	At a recent meeting of manufacturing executives, "everybody I talked with was very positive.	0
he would vote to acquit federal Judge Alcee Hastings in his impeachment trial on charges of perjury and bribery conspiracy.	there was "insufficient evidence to convict" the Miami jurist.	1
Ogden Projects, whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August, closed yesterday at $26.875, down 75 cents.	The stock began trading this summer at $14 apiece.	0
Big business," Mr. Pawlowski snorts in English.	The farmer stands to go.	0
The new facility is expected to begin operations in early 1991.	The Henderson plant will continue its other chemical operations.	0
So would someone recently divorced or widowed.	Since Litigation Sciences generally represents the defense, its job is usually to help the lawyers identify and remove such people from the jury.	0
Manufacturers' shipments rose 0.3% in August following two months of declines.	Inventories fell 0.3% in August.	0
Mr. Smith angered Federal's pilots, too.	In his haste to seal the deal with Tiger Chairman Saul Steinberg last August, Mr. Smith ignored a promise that he had made to his own pilots three years ago: that any fliers acquired in future mergers would be "end-tailed" -- put at the bottom of the pilot seniority list that determines work schedules, pay and career options.	1
We are considering that offer along with all other alternatives.	We need to look at how to maximize our cash flow to pay our beneficiaries.	0
The projection sent Anheuser shares plunging $4.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.	The stock closed at $38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares.	0
As a result, Colombia will earn $500 million less from its coffee this year than last.	Our coffee growers face reductions in their income.	0
ITT's Hartford Insurance Group had a $53 million quarterly pretax loss from Hurricane Hugo.	Hartford expects to report a further pretax loss of about $30 million for the current quarter, as a result of the California earthquake this month.	0
People are sort of nervous to do anything in the market now.	Our phones are quiet around here.	1
A woman in a three-story apartment was able to walk out the window of the third floor onto street level after the quake.	The house just settled right down into the ground.	1
the latest stock offering won't cover the $600 million or more cost of building the proposed resort and theme park, and added it will need to seek additional financing, either through bank borrowings or debt and equity offerings, at a later date.	Construction is set to begin in early 1991.	0
Revenue rose 12% to $1.63 billion from $1.46 billion.	Systemwide sales, which include sales at franchisee as well as company-owned stores, totaled $4.59 billion compared with $4.2 billion.	0
The IMF has several reasons for requesting the increase.	Its role in the economies of developing countries has grown steadily since the 1970s.	0
USAir has great promise.	By the second half of 1990, USAir stock could hit 60.	1
The Dow Jones industrials, down over 80 points in the morning, closed off 3.69, at 2659.22.	Bond prices surged in reaction to the sell-off in stocks, then eased slightly during the afternoon recovery.	0
to cut costs.	it will spend more than $140 million this year, down from about $200 million last year.	1
For the nine months, net income rose 48% to $124.2 million, or $1.41 a share, from $83.8 million, or 96 cents a share a year earlier.	Sales gained 16% to $1.03 billion from $894 million.	0
Talk hurts from where it spurts," one of them says.	The clash of ideologies survives this treatment, but the nuance and richness of Gorky's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle.	0
Ever since the link to cholesterol was disclosed, Americans have begun scarfing up psyllium in their breakfast cereals.	If further research proves the seed's benefits, this dusty farm district could become the epicenter of a health-food fad to rival all fads since cod-liver oil.	1
the danger to investors from incompetence is "humongous," far greater than that from crookery.	His group, like others, wants minimum standards applied to all who call themselves financial planners.	1
But after trading losses in the mid-October market jolts here, many people will be lucky to have jobs at all.	The industry, which currently employs about 25,000 people in London, has shed about 2,500 jobs over the past two years.	0
The travel, investment services, insurance and banking concern added $110 million to reserves for credit losses at its American Express Bank unit, boosting the reserve to $507 million as of Sept. 30.	The bank's Third World debt portfolio totals $560 million, down from $2.2 billion at the end of 1986.	0
These rate indications aren't directly comparable.	lending practices vary widely by location.	1
This isn't outlandish bidding.	this is a situation of very careful businessmen making judgments about the worth of product and acting on it.	0
but the Navy headquarters on the fourth deck made them stop it.	Marshall had this thing about the Navy and the Marines -- he wanted to make them part of the Army.	1
What's more, much of China's official rhetoric is hostile to the U.S.	China frequently lambastes the U.S. Embassy for harboring astrophysicist Fang Lizhi, a political dissident who took refuge there after the massacre.	0
This means Nestle is now in the candybar business in a big way.	For them, it makes all kinds of sense.	0
These are curious times in South African politics.	The government and the ANC, the bitterest of enemies, are engaged in an elaborate mating dance designed to entice each other to the negotiating table.	1
In my freshman year, my roommate was known as a party animal.	She thought I wasn't getting my practicing done.	1
reports like those yesterday help build the case for lower rates.	Now bond investors are looking toward next week's report from national purchasing managers and the government's October employment report as potentially prompting the Fed to lower rates.	1
Britain's unsettled political scene also worries some investors.	The gyrations in the British government" add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market.	1
Energy Transportation retained Litigation Sciences, at a cost of several hundred thousand dollars, to poll, pre-try, profile and shadow.	Just before the actual closing arguments, the firm put the case to a vote of the five shadow jurors, each of whom was being paid $150 a day.	0
Born in 1937 in a Baltic Sea town now part of Poland, he was eight years old when World War II ended.	Like West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, he represents the postwar generation that has grown up during Germany's division.	1
Bryant Park, as designed in 1933, failed as a public space, because it made people feel trapped.	By removing the hedges and some walls, the Bryant Park Restoration is opening it up.	0
Country people breed pigs.	They can't buy feed from the state.	0
Now many Republicans are listening.	They're frightened by what they see in New Jersey, and especially Virginia, where pro-life GOP candidates for governor are being pummeled on abortion.	1
Once such abuses become so pervasive, the IRS builds another factor into its secret computer formula for selecting returns for audit and doesn't need special projects for them.	San Franciscans have a much higher incidence of audits than average because more of them score high under that formula, not because IRS agents envy their life styles.	1
First, the price of natural gas will have to almost double.	the company believes the project would be viable if gas prices reach US$3.25 a thousand cubic feet by 1995, in current dollars, up from a current spot price of about US$1.50.	0
Father McKenna moves through the house praying in Latin, urging the demon to split.	Suddenly the woman begins swaying and then writhing.	0
that if abortion foes succeed in using the preamble to escape prosecution for trespass, "This will shut down abortion in Missouri.	There's no risk to the protesters, and you can't keep an abortion clinic open if there are 3,000 people standing outside every day.	1
the fund's 25% leverage has jacked up its interest income.	As long as I am borrowing at 9.9% and each {bond} yields over that, it enhances the yield.	1
But beyond this decorative nod to tradition, Ms. Bogart and company head off in a stylistic direction that all but transforms Gorky's naturalistic drama into something akin to, well, farce.	The director's attempt to force some Brechtian distance between her actors and their characters frequently backfires with performances that are unduly mannered.	1
The air-waybill number was changed en route, and paper work showing that the crates had cleared customs was misplaced, so it was a week before three of the four crates could be located in a bonded warehouse and the Gauguin discovered missing.	Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time, the Gauguin may be "lost.	1
For average East Germans, Mr. Krenz remains a puzzle.	Either he wasn't being real in the past, or he isn't being real right now.	0
January platinum rose $2.30 an ounce to $488.60.	there were no fundamental factors moving these markets.	0
Moreover, it's trying to transfer its skill at designing military equipment to commercial ventures.	A partnership with a Williamsburg, Va., unit of Shell Oil Co. recently patented a process for producing plastic food containers that won't melt in microwave ovens.	0
Today, Sen. Mitchell and other leading Democrats plan to turn up the heat again by holding a news conference to bash the proposal.	that the richest 100 taxpayers got an average benefit from the capital-gains differential of $13 million each in 1985, the last year for which figures are available.	1
In an open electronic system, any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve (buy and sell orders at each price) entered by dealers and investors alike, and to enter and execute orders.	Current quotations would reflect the combined financial judgment of all market participants -- not just those of intermediaries who become extremely risk-averse during times of crisis.	1
It turns out that Columbia had this huge loss in large part because the new congressionally mandated rules forced it to adjust the book value of its soon-to-be-sold junk bonds to the lower of either their cost or market value.	They could no longer be classified as what Columbia regarded them, namely long-term investments.	1
Obviously, we got a lot more smoke than fire from the people who told us the market wasn't so risky.	that the risks and returns of junk bonds are less than on common stocks but more than on investment-grade bonds.	0
Other firms "are dealing with the masses.	they have the culture" to adequately service high-net-worth individuals.	1
The sales job seems to be paying off.	When he bought the team, only six of the suites had been sold.	1
but rivals contend that it will take a beating.	ABC lost $75 million on the 1988 Winter Games, partly because of its $309 million rights fee.	1
that little Will Quinlan had not inherited a damaged retinoblastoma supressor gene and, therefore, faced no more risk than other children of developing the rare cancer.	It made our New Year.	1
Fight viciously enough and the U.S., under the banner of pragmatism, might eventually help negotiate your way to victory.	U.S. diplomacy has done it before, and it will likely do it again.	1
The author of the futuristic novel "1984" invented a language called Newspeak that made it impossible to fully develop a heretical thought -- that is, anything negative about the policies and practices of the state.	Wall Street hasn't gotten that far yet, but it has made a promising start.	0
The two men spent an hour at Exit 10, rehashing the event, "fulfilling the lifelong dream of a young boy now turned 50.	His hero signed photographs of the homer and diplomatically called Ralph Branca "a very fine pitcher.	0
what he calls "temporary setbacks.	In light of the poor results recently the agency is adopting an "attitude of flexibility.	1
The timing for change was right.	Institutions had become active market players in the early 1970s and sought exchange seats to handle their own trades.	1
The end of the marriage was at hand.	Within weeks the unfolding Iran-Contra scandal took away Mr. Noriega's insurance policy.	1
Beef prices could drop in earnest this winter if ranchers expand herds.	Lower feed prices may help animals eat more cheaply, but humans have to factor in an expensive middleman: the processor.	0
But it was the Quotron problems that had lingering effects.	that she was still viewing prices and other data as subject to verification, and portfolio managers continued to question the numbers they saw on the screen.	1
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln, including $22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland, an $18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris, a $17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company, and a recently discovered holding in a Panama-based company, Southbrook Holdings.	Mr. Bickwit said, "I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities," but said the overseas investments "essentially broke even" for the S&L.	0
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum.	The general public may not know his name, but he's famous -- make that infamous -- in advertising circles.	0
The U.S. officials said that despite the rapid changes under way in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union, all the Cocom members agreed on "the continuing need for this organization," which was founded 40 years ago at the start of the Cold War..The officials said the meeting agreed to continue working toward "streamlining" Cocom's restricted products list, and to improve procedures for punishing companies that don't comply with the export restrictions.	The officials said this meeting "put in motion" procedural steps that would speed up both of these functions, but that no specific decisions were taken on either matter.	0
Legal controversies in America have a way of assuming a symbolic significance far exceeding what is involved in the particular case.	They speak volumes about the state of our society at a given moment.	1
However, many institutional investors are reacting to the stock market's plunge as "a great buying opportunity.	Things are beginning to settle down.	1
its third-quarter earnings rose 2% to $65.2 million, or 57 cents a share, from $63.9 million, or 57 cents a share, in the year-earlier period.	per-share earnings remained flat despite an increase in net income in part because the company paid a $10.4 million dividend on the new preferred stock in the period.	0
There's a strong sense among the martini set that there's more {bad news} to come.	People in the stock market were very much Thatcher's children -- very young and wealthy optimists.	0
I await his sequel: the economic and social resiliency of the San Francisco Bay area and the outstanding work of the local governments and the private charitable organizations there as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed system Mr. Cockburn now believes in.	It should be a scream.	1
August's decline in exports reflected decreases in sales of industrial supplies, capital goods and food abroad and increases in sales of motor vehicles, parts and engines.	The jump in imports stemmed from across-the-board increases in purchases of foreign goods.	0
an agency that covets its independence, Mr. Breeden may be too much of a Washington insider.	that he has adorned his office with five photos of George Bush, one of them featuring the First Dog, Millie.	1
In part, this division is dictated by economics.	West Germany is a net exporter of capital while the U.S. isn't.	1
GM and Ford are expected to go head to head in the markets to buy up rival 15% stakes in Jaguar.	GM confirmed it received U.S. antitrust clearance to boost its holding.	1
it will attempt to place the employees within the company, IBM or other companies in Memphis.	The process will take as many as six months to complete.	0
Personal spending rose 0.2% in September, the smallest gain in a year.	The slowdown raises questions about the economy's strength because spending fueled much of the third-quarter GNP growth.	1
Revenue rose 14% to $4.03 billion from $3.54 billion.	Revenue from non-GM accounts was 45% of EDS's total business in the latest nine months, compared with 40% a year earlier.	0
Codifying those sanctions could prompt Chinese retaliation.	If the two sides aren't careful, U.S.-China ties could spin downward, out of control.	0
its rating changes actions "reflect CS First Boston's aggressive merchant banking risk as well as the risk profile of its current merchant banking exposures.	CS First Boston "has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking" and that "a very significant portion" of the firm's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking-related business.	0
The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure, which busies itself piling more and more paper work on the teachers.	There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures (in real terms) have increased sharply in the past quarter-of-a-century educational performance has declined.	1
And by late Friday afternoon, actually after the close, we decided that was the wrong tone to take.	With the market down, we wanted to tell people to put their orders in on the opening.	1
that, "given an ideal world, we'd have a nice, neat, orderly process.	We'd do the strategy and then we'd come around and do the budget.	0
In 1987, KKR for the second time piled debt onto Storer's TV stations, selling them for $1.3 billion to a new entity that was 45%-owned by KKR and 55%-owned by Gillett Corp.	In this second LBO, KKR with one hand took more than $1 billion of cash out of the TV company's assets and moved it into the Storer cable operations, making them more valuable in a 1988 sale.	0
investor concern about Black & Decker's increased debt burden from the Emhart purchase.	The company's stock plunged when it first announced that it planned to acquire Emhart.	1
the intelligence officer who found the craft's strange debris was forced by the government to call the flower-inscribed scraps parts of a weather balloon.	The apparent crash became top secret, and the alien creatures went away upset with the rude ways of human beings.	0
Refining and marketing earnings climbed to $33.3 million from $12.9 million, and exploration and production earnings rose to $37.1 million from $17.9 million.	Hess's earnings were up despite a $30 million charge to cover the cost of maintaining operations after Hurricane Hugo heavily damaged the company's refinery at St. Croix.	0
Medstone International plummeted 3 1/4 to 7 1/4.	A Food and Drug Administration advisory panel has asked that Medstone perform more studies on its device to treat gallstones.	1
that UAL's board, having accepted a bid of $300 a share, might hold out for a new bid much closer to the original level -- even if it means that the management goes back to running the company for a while and lets things return to normal.	By that logic, the closing of a deal could be much further away than three to four months.	1
Our competitors say we overbid them.	Who cares.	0
Once one Japanese company steps up its investments, the whole industry follows.	to let a competitor's addition to capacity go unmatched is to concede defeat.	1
When I first got a glimpse at the witness list, I couldn't believe that they were going to go ahead and do this.	There are some witnesses who will be forced to testify about their meetings with senators.	1
higher prices for galvanized and cold-rolled products offset lower prices for bar, hot-rolled and structural steel.	Structural steel, which primarily serves the construction market, was especially hurt by a 15% price drop.	0
The memo attempts to remove the tourist board as far as possible from the agency.	Among other things, the memo contends that Young & Rubicam gave false assurances that the investigation wouldn't uncover any information that would "embarrass the government of Jamaica or the Jamaica Tourist Board.	0
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC., Sunnyvale, integrated circuit maker, annual sales of $1.12 billion, NYSE, had only minor structural damage.	Most of its 4,500 workers were at work yesterday, and no production slowdown was anticipated as long as electricity remains available.	1
nearly all the network's computer switches, which move thousands of calls a minute from one location to another, changed to battery power when the city lost power.	The battery packs have enough power for only three hours, but that gave emergency crews time to turn on an emergency system that runs primarily on diesel fuel.	1
Despite the initial support expected, trading in the contract is likely to start slowly.	The wounds from the 1987 crash haven't yet healed, and not all claims against the exchange clearinghouse -- by those who bet the Hang Seng index would fall -- have been settled.	1
Former President Richard Nixon is to visit China at the invitation of the government beginning Saturday.	According to Mr. Nixon's office, "This is solely a fact-finding trip.	0
Leading EC growth forecasts in 1989 was Ireland, seen growing 5% at constant prices.	Slower growth countries included Greece, at 2.5%, the U.K., at 2.25%, and Denmark, at 1.75%.	0
Net income increased 6.7% to 12.43 billion yen from 11.66 billion yen.	Per-share net rose to 20.48 yen from 19.51 yen.	0
that he has no inclination to eliminate program trading.	but that all the exchange can do is "slow down the process" by using its circuit breakers and shock absorbers.	0
California is narrowly limiting rather than expanding -- opportunities for negotiating sales.	California regulators historically have misinterpreted their law.	1
the charge stems from a building supply contract in which the company guaranteed a contractor's performance.	a subcontractor had severe cost overruns and was unable to fulfill the contract terms on its own, making it necessary for Apogee to advance cash to ensure completion of the project.	0
The dollar retreated.	In late New York trading the currency was quoted at 1.8355 marks and 141.45 yen, compared with 1.8470 marks and 141.90 yen Monday.	0
The company focuses on the how-to aspects.	Trifari now trains sales help to advise customers on the best earring styles.	0
revenue rose 14% to $918.4 million from $806.7 million.	the success of several movies released during the quarter, including "Parenthood" and "Uncle Buck," contributed to record revenue for its film unit.	0
The issue of seeking relief from Congress was raised to Delbert Staley, the chairman of Nynex.	Mr. Staley replied.	1
that one night (to the embarrassment of the network) waved at the camera like the crowd on "Let's Make a Deal.	ABC stops short of using an "applause" sign and a comic to warm up the audience.	0
But the worst possibility would be raising no working capital.	If working capital financing is not provided the RTC may have to slow {S&L sales} or dump acquired assets through fire sales.	1
We are having a regular day.	Volume is down out of San Francisco, but not out of the 11 outlying offices.	0
Mr. Mitchell's first victory came last week, when the Senate passed a deficit-reduction bill that didn't contain a capital-gains provision.	That vote made it unlikely that a capital-gains tax cut would be included in the final bill.	1
The Orwellian "New World Information Order" would give government officials rights against the press.	journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government, which would have licensing and censorship powers and, indeed, duties to block printing of "wrong" ideas.	1
People who remain in junk funds now could get hit again.	Many funds in recent weeks and months have been selling their highest-quality junk issues, such as RJR Nabisco, to raise cash to meet expected redemptions..Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less-creditworthy borrowers..And then, asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far.	1
According to Mr. Nixon's office, "This is solely a fact-finding trip.	There will be no sightseeing, no shopping and no social events.	0
Most other states have enacted similar bans.	The bikes are unwelcome on trails in national parks.	0
Under Mr. Ngoc, Van Nghe protected the people instead of the government.	The paper reflected the truth.	1
This news raised hopes for further interest-rate cuts.	Treasury-bond prices immediately rallied, setting the stock market rolling from the opening bell.	1
Mr. Ortega's threat to breach the cease-fire comes as U.S. officials were acknowledging that the Contras have at times violated it themselves.	I have no reason to deny reports that some Contras ambushed some Sandinista soldiers.	0
Nevertheless, the stakes are still high for the players directly involved in the GAF case.	The mistrials have left the reputations of GAF, Mr. Sherwin and GAF Chairman Samuel Heyman in limbo.	1
Speaking of dark nights, the Met's next-door neighbor, the New York City Opera, has canceled its season after failing to reach a settlement with its musicians, who wanted pay parity with the the Chicago Lyric and San Francisco Opera orchestras.	Well, they can now go and audition there.	1
New York City bonds have been beaten down for three straight weeks.	On Friday, some issues fell nearly one point, or close to $10 for each $1,000 face amount.	0
First, they are safe.	While they aren't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, as Treasury bonds are, it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary.	1
although common wisdom would have expected an increase.	There is a lot of attention paid to housing as a form of household wealth.	1
He has a great ability to hire terrific people and delegate authority.	It's no accident that they've been able to develop such successful material.	1
In it, traders buy or sell stocks and offset those positions in stock-index futures contracts to profit from fleeting price discrepancies.	Under the exchange's definitions, program trading also describes a number of other strategies that, in the opinion of some traders, don't cause big swings in the market.	0
By making a break from tradition, Brooks Brothers is seeking a delicate balance.	If it promotes fashion too much, the shop risks alienating its old-line customers.	1
Other companies figure they can't avoid the market.	We have capital requirements," says Mr. Linsert, "so we have to go ahead" with a planned $1.5 billion private placement.	0
it will report $179 milllion in one-time charges against continuing operations for the third quarter.	it will take a $10 million fourth-quarter charge against discontinued operations.	0
The bank also said its effort would continue past the Nov. 1 deadline set in that agreement and that the litigation between the two sides might resume as a result.	The thrift and the holders had suspended their lawsuits as part of the agreement.	0
and that it would quickly make its way to the Supreme Court to be ultimately resolved.	It's a major issue, and they wouldn't want to leave it at a lower level.	1
That is, he is being compelled to put them on the market too soon, and has already gotten offers that are less than he paid for some of the art works.	After a few years, you can argue there has been natural appreciation But quick turnover in artwork is "like pawning your jewelry -- you end up with 50%.	1
That's the most important experience I've had with any teacher because she taught me how to listen.	Now, when I play with orchestras, the musicians often compliment me on my intonation.	1
Mr. Gintel owns 300,000 of the company's 6.3 million common shares outstanding.	it recently bought back approximately 55,000 of its shares pursuant to its existing authorization to acquire as many as 650,000 shares.	0
he offers one rule to success: Never gamble too far.	I quit after one try, whether I win or lose.	0
Du Pont Co. in a couple of units has installed objective tests based on earnings or return on equity.	Many companies have set up machinery to assure workers a fair shake.	0
mainly because the Bay Area Rapid Transit subway system carried 50% more passengers than normal.	For the first time in memory, it was standing-room only in BART's sleek, modern railcars.	0
Litigation Sciences doesn't make moral distinctions.	If a client needs prejudiced jurors, the firm will help find them.	1
The NCI report attributes the differences in mortality rates by race to different smoking patterns.	A higher proportion of black men smoke than white men.	0
Of all the major steelmakers, Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown.	It hasn't diversified beyond steel, nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks.	1
The study said Japan's carbon-dioxide emissions would slightly more than double by 2010 unless the nation reduced its dependence on fossil fuels.	It said that expanding nuclear-power capability is the quickest way to lessen that dependence.	0
three of its 17 Bay-area branches were closed yesterday.	The company expects all branches to reopen today.	0
In Bombay stock market circles, the buzzword is "mega.	At least 40 companies are coming to the capital market to raise $6 billion, an amount never thought possible in India.	1
and immediately spotted trouble.	Already entered in the Big Board's computers and transmitted to their post were sell orders for 65,000 UAL shares.	1
Mr. Pilson's "Major Events" strategy jelled after Mr. Tisch took over.	Mr. Pilson recalls that in April 1986, after CBS's annual meeting in Philadelphia, he and Mr. Tisch took the 90-minute train ride back to New York, and Mr. Pilson used this extended private audience to outline his ambitions..Mr. Tisch, a billionaire in hotels and finance, was just learning the TV business..Five months later, Mr. Tisch took over as CBS's chief executive, and soon he was wielding sole approval each time Mr. Pilson scribbled a frighteningly large figure on a slip of paper, sealed it in an envelope and gave it to sports negotiators Then, in May 1988, Mr. Tisch urgently needed to make a bold statement to quell rumors that he might sell the network..Mr. Pilson gave him one: He bid $243 million for rights to the 1992 Winter Games in Albertville, France; ABC and NBC wouldn't bid even $200 million.	0
But healthy skepticism is only a small reason for Japan's PC lag.	Various cultural and economic forces have suppressed demand.	1
Compaq Computer soared 4 5/8 to 111 1/8 on 1.8 million shares in response to the company's announcement of plans to introduce several products next month.	Digital Equipment gained 1 3/8 to 89 3/4 despite reporting earnings for the September quarter that were on the low end of expectations.	0
Nicholas Parks, a New York money manager, expects the market to decline about 15%.	I've been two-thirds in cash since July, and I continue to think that having a defensive position is appropriate.	1
a nun raising some lovable orphans..A den mother raising some lovable teen models.	A bunch of tans and bathing suits posing as lovable lifeguards.	0
The pocketbook impact of health benefits has driven business and labor to a surprising consensus.	Both the AFL-CIO and the National Association of Manufacturers are calling for measures to control rising costs, improve quality and provide care to the 31 million Americans who currently lack health insurance.	0
Other forms of red tape are more pervasive.	The most onerous is the record-keeping and filing required by tax authorities.	0
Also weighing on both metals' prices is the role of the chief supplier, the Soviet Union.	that the Soviets' thirst for dollars this year to buy grain and other Western commodities and goods will bring them to the market whenever prices rally very much.	1
At a back-yard barbecue, for example, a friend boasts that she'll only have to pay premiums on her John Hancock policy for seven years and that her death benefits will then be "guaranteed.	I call her agent, David Dominici.	1
Unlike stop orders stop-limit orders demand that the trades be made only at the specified price.	If it can't be made at that price, it doesn't get filled.	1
If a record industry lacked a common standard, Sony CD owners could listen to a Sony version of Madonna's "Like a Prayer" but not one made for a Panasonic player.	That is the state of Japan's computer industry.	0
But analysts estimate their trading profit at #30 million.	Whitbread had total pretax profit in the year ended Feb. 25 of #223.2 million, on sales of #2.26 billion.	0
Mr. Roman comes across as a low-key executive.	Mr. Phillips has a flashier personality.	0
The results were fascinating.	On the fourth "run" with the borrowed rod, the experiment began producing excess heat.	0
The KGB has abolished a unit known for persecuting dissidents, the government newspaper Izvestia said.	The newspaper quoted KGB chairman Vladimir A. Kryuchkov as saying the definition of anti-Soviet crimes had narrowed, the laws had changed and people no longer have to fear a simple slip of the tongue.	0
Mr. Bush has long campaigned for passage of a bill or a constitutional amendment that would explicitly give him a line-item veto.	that such presidential power is necessary to rein in congressional spending.	1
It's an unrealistic expectation.	As long as a decade ago, Mrs. Thatcher declared she didn't want debate in her cabinet; she wanted strong government.	1
the assembly plant, which builds the Chevrolet Corsica and Beretta compact cars, originally was scheduled to reopen Monday but now will not resume production until Oct. 30.	The shutdown affects 3,000 workers and will cut output by about 4,320 cars.	0
for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen.	In the 15 companies I studied, reversal rates range on the average from 20% to 40%.	0
What is the way forward.	To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections.	0
His speech criticized the "idiocy of notions of protected groups in society" as opposed to individual equality or, as he put it, in "a common destiny as Americans.	Instead of lobbying for special treatment that homosexuals and others should try to ensure equal treatment under the law and not aim for special privileges that would risk "invidious retrenchment with government complicity.	1
Still, Boeing went through its normal verbal gymnastics and played up the downside.	In a statement, Chairman Frank Shrontz asserted that the company "faces significant challenges and risks," on both its commercial and government contracts.	0
they merely were trying to ensure fairness for a constituent.	Mr. Keating lives in Phoenix, and the California thrift's parent is an Ohio-chartered corporation with holdings in Michigan.	1
India might be the real factor that is keeping futures prices firm.	That country recently bought 200,000 tons of sugar and had been expected to seek a like quantity last week.	1
From the air, ribbons of yellow fire hose carry water from the bay to high-pressure nozzles trained on the site.	As onlookers stand behind barricades, helmeted firemen and building inspectors survey rows of nearby buildings that were twisted from their foundations and seem on the verge of collapse.	0
A policewoman had to be called in to make her leave.	the policewoman helped carry out one last load.	0
Even if that scenario occurs, Westinghouse figures it is prepared.	The company already is gearing up for a renaissance of nuclear power even though it hasn't received an order for a domestic nuclear plant in a decade.	1
No amount of weasling could have saved this game for D.T.	A piece down, the computer resigned.	1
it has tested its new merchandise mix in 100 stores, with favorable results.	the company's effort will be helped by its decision last year to put point-of-sale scanners in 200 stores, allowing National Convenience to quickly track items that are selling and those that aren't.	0
Basically, Mr. Chestman was a fourth-level tippee.	Did Mr. Loeb, his tipper, breach a fiduciary duty (and, if so, to whom.	1
Pioneer Electronic and Sony continued to fall Wednesday.	Pioneer was down 90 at 5,810, and Sony lost 40 to 8,550, down 10% from its record set Oct. 11.	0
The new equipment is likely to cost more than $20 million.	When the company last considered adding the equipment two years ago, it estimated the cost at $21 million to $22 million.	1
Tuesday's notable losers were highpriced shares such as Pioneer, which shed 210 yen to 5,900 yen.	Sony was down 130 to 8,590.	0
that their adoption forces bidders to negotiate with a corporation's directors, who are thereby put in a better position to pursue the long-term interests of the corporation.	that corporations with poison pills have experienced greater stock-price appreciation than corporations without poison pills during the past few years.	1
Yesterday the company said it had filed a request with the Securities and Exchange Commission to withdraw the registration statement regarding the proposed swap.	A Western Union spokesman, citing adverse developments in the market for high-yield "junk" bonds, declined to say what alternatives are under consideration.	0
At the behest of pro-choice members of Congress, a four-year reauthorization bill for Title X federal family-planning assistance now contains a $10 million grant for "development, evaluation and bringing to the marketplace of new improved contraceptive devices, drugs and methods.	If this passes it would put the federal government into the contraceptive marketing business for the first time.	1
They long made little effort here.	IBM didn't introduce its first PC in Japan until five years after NEC did, and that wasn't compatible even with the U.S. IBM standard.	0
The consumer price index rose 0.2% in September, while many economists were looking for a 0.4% increase.	Stock-index arbitrage buy programs helped the rally's momentum.	0
Banks want to see someone putting up real cash at risk, that is, subordinate to the bank debt in any deal.	That way someone else has an even stronger motivation to make sure the deal is going to work, because they would be losing their money before the banks lost theirs.	1
Ford is going to come out with full guns blazing.	Ford wants {Jaguar} very much.	1
But the financial rewards aren't expected soon, nor are they guaranteed.	the first sets of HDTVs won't be available for another five to 10 years, and will probably retail for more than $3,000 each in today's dollars.	0
They gleefully await the "dream season" in 1990.	CBS will air the Super Bowl, baseball playoffs, college and pro basketball finals and other premier sports events.	1
He bought at share prices ranging from $9.375 to $9.625.	The fund closed yesterday in New York Stock Exchange composite trading at $9.625, up 12.5 cents.	0
The strikers voted to accept a series of management proposals that will give them a higher basic wage, better profit-sharing benefits and bigger annual bonuses.	the vote at Sochaux is expected to be followed by a similar move at the company's assembly plant at Mulhouse, where the number of strikers has been whittled down to 80.	0
Television last week carried a new report on East Berlin's main wallpaper factory and the need to boost production.	East Germans remember a comment a few years ago by Kurt Hager, the government's top ideologist, that just because a neighbor hangs new wallpaper, there's no reason to change your own.	0
If the programs continue their present path, the potential government losses are staggering.	The federal government holds $222 billion in direct loans outstanding and backs an additional $550 billion in primary guarantees.	1
which had a strong year-earlier first quarter.	Last year's drought in the Midwest prompted retailers to stock up on oils ahead of anticipated price increases, boosting sales for Crisco and Puritan oils.	0
Norway's unemployment rate for October was 3.6%, unchanged from September but up from 2.6% in the same month last year.	The figure excludes a record number employed by extraordinary government work programs.	0
The report suggested that current review programs are too narrow.	The unnecessary and inappropriate use of the hospital, and not the actual need for a particular procedure, has been the main focus.	1
Before his assassination in 1988, President Zia of Pakistan repeatedly stated that fresh Soviet troops were being inserted into Afghanistan even as others were ostentatiously withdrawn.	Rep. Bill McCollum (R., Fla.) reports that these included 20,000 to 30,000 Soviet Central Asian KGB Border Guards, ethnically indistinguishable from Afghans and wearing unmarked uniforms.	0
In late New York trading yesterday, the dollar was quoted at 1.8353 marks, down from 1.8355 marks Tuesday, and at 141.52 yen, up from 141.45 yen late Tuesday.	Sterling was quoted at $1.6145, up from $1.6055 late Tuesday.	0
What with Halloween coming and bigger defense cuts looming, more and more Pentagon bureaucrats are crawling under their desks.	They know that they can hold off the ghosts only a little while longer by cutting carriers and ships.	1
Similarly suppose you were attracted to a company because of expectations that sales would hit $200 million by 1990.	If things haven't worked out that well it's time to consider selling.	1
Their effort to run him out of Washington is an embarrassment to the original purpose of their own movement.	We hope the next head of the Civil Rights Commission will be as brave as Mr. Allen in making the case for equality of civil rights.	1
To do so the U.S. courts must review the judicial process in the foreign country independently of the State Department's assessment.	that in this case he concurred with the State Department's decision that Mr. Ahmad should be extradited.	0
We are confronted less with a judicial power grab than with a legislative giveaway.	Predictably, when confronted with morally dubious behavior, prosecutors will exploit the latitude such openended statutes give them.	1
Meanwhile, tax revenues are falling while the city's spending needs are expanding.	Rumors persisted last week that New York's credit ratings are at risk.	0
Plant Genetic's approach "interesting" and "novel," and "complementary rather than competitive.	There is a large market out there hungry for hybrid seeds.	1
about the unraveling of UAL takeover plans on the train into work yesterday morning.	it would be a while longer before UAL resumed trading like a regular airline stock after months of gyrations.	1
The company said its third-quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year, despite a rise in the company's revenue.	Kirschner earned $376,000 on revenue of $14.5 million in the 1988 quarter.	0
To make them directly comparable, each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100.	The percentage change is since year-end.	0
IBM, Armonk, N.Y., remained upbeat.	The computer giant, whose U.S. results have been dismal for years, noted that revenue rose again in the U.S. in the third quarter, following an increase in the second period.	0
Not to mention the incursion of imports.	Japanese and European steelmakers are anxiously awaiting the lifting of trade restraints in 1992.	1
The buyers who work for the various Campeau chains may lose their jobs.	The stores they work for may be sold.	1
We're working the problem and looking at the issue and meeting with a broad number of customers and constituents to get their views and ideas on the issue.	The program-trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange's role in program trading.	0
At IBM, the company's Open Door system is sometimes the subject of memorandums from the chief executive.	Federal Express goes further in this respect than any company I know of with both Frederick Smith and James Barksdale, chief executive and chief operating officer, respectively, sitting in on the Appeals Board almost every Tuesday to decide cases.	0
In many of these deals, "venture capitalists had the inside track.	Investors were willing to gamble on new technologies because "we had exclusive rights to those technologies.	1
One group seeks to publish a U.S.-Soviet medical journal in conjunction with the U.S.S.R. Ministry of Health.	According to Richard P. Mills, a Boston-based official of the U.S. partner, 10,000 copies of the quarterly will be printed in Russian from next year.	0
And among domestic programs, the most serious threat is White House opposition to abortion riders.	The same issue threatens to spill over to the foreign aid debate.	0
He was constantly picking up new things to fill out his experience.	he is very well-balanced.	1
It's now OK to deal with the U.S., but not the Soviet Union.	Nuclear power plants are acceptable.	0
For that matter, perhaps he fixed to the wrong currency.	We sympathize with Mrs. Thatcher's reluctance to tie her currency to one governed by the domestic political imperatives of West Germany.	0
For the first nine months, the trade deficit was 14.933 trillion lire, compared with 10.485 trillion lire in the year-earlier period.	Istat said the statistics are provisional and aren't seasonally adjusted.	0
Mr. Noriega didn't suffer from any hesitation once he had the pistol.	Maybe we need a CIA version of the Miranda warning: You have the right to conceal your coup intentions, because we may rat on you.	1
The administration of federal credit should closely parallel private lending practices, including the development of a loan loss reserve and regular outside audits.	Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises, provide better information for loan sales and budgeting decisions, and reduce fraud.	1
Indeed, his caution has become legendary within the government.	He fusses endlessly over economic statistics, dissecting them in dozens of ways, probing for hours in search of potential problems.	1
If Webster hadn't happened, you wouldn't be here.	We could have shouted from the rooftops about Courter . . . and no one would have heard us.	0
Chez Panisse hasn't exactly subjected diners to vanilla ice cream because of the theft.	For one thing, Ms. Shere can draw on her cookbook.	1
Chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged stagflation: low growth and high inflation.	The economy is crashing hard.	0
The outbreaks were traced to staphylococcus aureus, a type of bacteria that produces a toxin capable of surviving the high temperatures used in canning vegetables.	A recall of the mushrooms blamed for the food poisoning began in early March.	1
Currency traders, suspecting Mr. Major won't defend the pound strenuously, sent the British currency sharply lower Friday against the dollar and West German mark.	Analysts expect further jitters this week.	0
and that announcing an end to the liberals' cease-fire will produce mainly their concern over the Contras' military activities in northern Nicaragua.	Mr. Ortega understands better than those who worry about his behavior that what sustains the Sandinista movement is not democratic peace, but nondemocratic unpeace.	0
Bar associations and consultants are offering more programs to teach associates all they need to know about law but didn't learn in law school.	Law school teaches wonderful theory, but it doesn't teach the nuts and bolts of practical lawyering.	1
The usual maneuver is to borrow against the portfolio value or issue preferred stock, using the proceeds to buy additional bonds.	The fallout for investors lately has been painful.	0
The legislator, Enrique Garcia, had actively backed the plant, but at the original site in his constituency northwest of Manila.	The country's Supreme Court dismissed the suit, but Mr. Garcia late last month filed for a reconsideration.	0
Among these are the company's Australian brewing assets, in the books at A$950 million but actually worth A$2.5 billion.	An investment in Chile's telephone company is carried at US$300 million but really worth US$500 million.	0
When the judge bought his new Sunbird from James E. Black Pontiac-Cadillac in Ebensburg five years ago, the dealership had "certain apprehensions" about the judge's reputation, according to the grand-jury report.	The dealership took the extra step of having all the paper work for the transaction pre-approved by Ebensburg's local lender, Laurel Bank.	1
as the Senate remained mired in difficulties over a $17.25 billion measure covering the budgets for the State, Commerce, and Justice departments in fiscal 1990.	The compromise bill passed the House last week but has now provoked jurisdictional fights with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which jealously protects its prerogatives over operations at the State Department.	0
The fight has turned ugly and, among pilots at least, has shattered the esprit de corps that Mr. Smith worked so hard to build.	Anti-union pilots have held ballot-burning parties.	0
The little radio fizzes as other boats want to see if we have found any fish -- spotting location is everything in this sport.	Negative answers crackle back.	0
Dream on.	There are all sorts of ways to give buy and sell instructions to a broker -- and just as many ways to get burned if you don't know what you're doing.	1
the new district lines will be drawn to maximize the number of solidly minority districts.	Blacks and Hispanics currently make up 38% of the city's population and hold only 25% of the seats on the council.	0
it is part of a continuing world-wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries.	its continued presence in South Africa "enables it to make meaningful contributions to South African society, to the lives of its employees and to the communities in which it operates.	0
They wanted a svelte-looking woman, and a pregnant woman is not svelte.	They told her, 'We don't hire fat people and we don't hire cripples.	0
The glib emotional style Mr. Goldberg has perfected on television's "Family Ties" doesn't benefit from magnification.	His characters practically scamper through a vast range of human emotions, like travelers doing 10 cities in eight days.	0
That tends to tilt the public debate toward "solutions" even when some of the most knowledgeable scientists are skeptical about the seriousness of the threats and the insistence of urgency.	There is an element of make-work involved.	1
Even before the market drop, rates were down about half a percentage point.	That puts pressure on CD rates.	1
Some analysts at least are buying that argument, and weren't alarmed by the losses.	What really matters is the operating income of the divisions.	1
that it received permission late Thursday from U.S. antitrust regulators to increase its Jaguar holdings past the $15 million level.	Ford got a similar go-ahead earlier in October.	0
The economy's slowdown is due only partly to the austerity program launched in September 1988 to cool an overheated economy and tame inflation.	Industrial output surged 21% in 1988, while inflation peaked last February at nearly 30%.	0
It was the second time in less than a week that Quotron has had problems calculating the industrial average.	At the start of trading last Wednesday, the average appeared to plunge more than 200 points..Actually, it was down only a few points at the time.	1
The Caterpillar people aren't too happy when they see their equipment used like that.	They figure it's not a very good advert.	1
who stars in the children's television show "Batibot.	He speaks only in Filipino.	0
TVS blames difficulties in peddling reruns of MTM shows to U.S. broadcasters for the problems at MTM.	The market for reruns sold to local U.S. broadcasters has been weak for the past three or four seasons.	1
But not all strategists or money managers are ready to throw in the towel completely on cyclicals.	Growth stocks may underperform cyclical stocks next year if the Federal Reserve begins to let interest rates drift sufficiently lower to boost the economy.	1
The quake postponed the third and fourth games of the World Series.	In place of the games it planned to broadcast next week's episodes of its prime-time Wednesday and Thursday lineups, except for a one-hour special on the earthquake at 10 p.m. last night.	1
The trend has prompted Beijing to intensify efforts to curb imports.	In recent weeks, China's leaders have recentralized trading in wool and scores of chemical products and commodities.	1
If a conductor is sensitive enough to bring down the orchestra {volume} at that point, it makes the piece magical.	I don't know why Barber never told anybody else.	1
Democracy can be cruel to politicians: Sometimes it forces them to make choices.	Now that the Supreme Court opened the door on the subject of abortion, politicians are squinting under the glare of democratic choice.	0
Early in the decade he saw that fur workers in many foreign countries were willing to work longer hours at lower wages than their American counterparts and were more open to innovation.	In 1982, he started a factory in Greece.	1
The antitrust division of the Justice Department is investigating the oddly similar tuition charges and increases among the top schools.	Fear of the price police could help cool things off in the 1990s.	1
If there isn't a recession we will be out of copper by the end of March.	If there is a recession that will change the statistical situation.	0
He speaks for the death penalty as if reading from Exodus 21.	to increase state revenue he focuses not on "taxes" but on "audits" to cut waste.	0
Net was $24 million, or $1.15 a share, up from $19 million, or 90 cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales rose 7.4% to $580 million from $540 million.	0
If they think they are going to stop index arbitrage by causing a few Wall Street firms to quit, they are crazy.	It's not going to stop it at all.	1
At a later news conference here, Frank Lorenzo, chairman of Eastern's parent Texas Air Corp., said Eastern was exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 protection from creditors early next year, operating with more service than it originally had scheduled.	He insisted, as he has before, that creditors would be paid in full under the plan.	0
And there he was The hero of my youth, the one person in history I'd most like to meet.	Keep your Thomas Jeffersons, or St. Augustines or Michelangelos.	1
Keeping the listed price at a dollar is primarily a convenience.	Actually, the funds do fluctuate, but beyond the third decimal place.	1
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading (and must read) daily.	Please make me and thousands of other readers more comfortable with our daily purchase of your newspaper by raising your environmental standards to your overall impeccable quality levels, and increase your use of recycled paper.	1
He is now in solo law practice in Washington.	From time to time he returns to the monastery for prayer, meditation and pro bono legal work.	0
Competition is intensifying as larger companies invade a mountain-bike market Mr. Sinyard's company once had virtually all to itself.	mountain biking is "growing at such a monstrous rate that a lot of companies are getting into this.	0
Daimler-Benz joined the list of companies interested in the British car maker.	it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures.	1
The big questions are whether the increase, effective Jan. 1, 1990, will stick, and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit.	It is widely expected that they will.	0
One thing that makes E-mail difficult to sift through is that each item looks the same.	Notes allows mail senders to put different logos on their mail.	1
Already the Germans appear to be acting.	at a special meeting on the day of the decline, directors of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange voted to extend their trading hours.	0
While recent events may cool some of the leveraged buy-out fever, Japanese banks aren't likely to walk away from the game.	Despite the risks, the deals can be an attractive way for Japanese banks to increase their presence in the U.S. market.	1
What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance.	People didn't believe we were in tune with the marketplace, and in many ways we weren't.	1
the Vermont-Slauson Center has created 500 permanent private-sector jobs at a one-time cost in public funds of only $2,500 per job.	As many of these jobs are filled by local residents, who move from the welfare rolls to the tax rolls, the $2,500-per-job public investment should repay itself in a few years.	0
The ordinance, in Moon Township, prohibits locating a group home for the handicapped within a mile of another such facility.	In papers filed with the federal district court in Pittsburgh, the Justice Department alleged that the ordinance makes housing unavailable on account of handicap.	1
We have designs for such {executive} cars, but have never been able to develop them.	GM's help would "make it possible {for Jaguar} to build a wider range of cars.	0
that anti-Bork blacks and women could furnish the margin to punish them in their next Senate elections.	Demographics converged with "mainstream" and demonizing to seal Robert Bork's fate.	0
This is indeed what the data indicate, particularly in the case of the House.	The Democratic House attendance rate has not exceeded the Republican House attendance rate since 1959.	0
Stocks have not spread to the general public, despite the fact that the environment is much different.	that despite all the views that we spend too much of our wealth on paper assets, we have ways of holding wealth similar to 100 years ago.	1
that LTV may be trying to send a signal to major customers, such as Chrysler Corp. and Whirlpool Corp., that steelmakers need more money.	Both companies are in the process of negotiating contracts with LTV and others.	1
Though Democrats can gloat at all this for now, they may want to contain their glee.	On abortion, their own day will come.	1
Overall demand still is very respectable.	The outlook is positive for the intermediate to long term.	1
while imports from Japan rose to 323,000 tons from 288,000 in July.	Imports from Canada rose to 272,000 tons in August from 209,000 in July.	0
It just makes healthy businesses subsidize unhealthy ones and gives each employer less incentive to keep his workers healthy.	the HIAA is working on a proposal to establish a privately funded reinsurance mechanism to help cover small groups that can't get insurance without excluding certain employees.	1
the transfer will benefit both the company and investors in the 12 limited partnerships included in the proposed rollup.	While he didn't describe the partnerships' financial condition, he said their operations "continue to drain the resources of Equitec.	1
the dollar will continue to hold its current tight trading pattern.	that weakness in both the yen and sterling have helped offset bearish U.S. economic news and have lent support to the dollar.	1
baby boomers will continue to be selective in their brand loyalties.	Earlier generations were brand loyal across categories.	0
Living there for six years was really scary.	The ghosts of the past are everywhere.	1
Mr. Suominen had grown increasingly worried about the state's potential financial exposure as Waertsilae Marine's losses ballooned to more than double the figure estimated in August.	that Mr. Suominen may have decided to cut Finland's losses once and for all.	1
the administration probably will agree to a multibillion-dollar increase.	This would be consistent with its unwavering support for the Brady Plan and G-7 exchange-rate intervention, and with its financial commitment to Mexico, Poland and others.	1
In addition, long-term debt has been trimmed to about $72 million from $96 million since Jan. 1.	the debt ratio will improve further in coming quarters.	0
Finnair and SAS said they plan to swap stakes in each other.	Neither disclosed details pending board meetings next month.	0
With the increase, even more developing-country energy and talent would be diverted from creating profitable economic systems to setting up economic planning ministries that generate IMF-approved economic plans.	Upping the ante could slow economic development even further, as countries delay market-opening steps in anticipation of richer multilateral support.	1
That burden is very difficult, if not impossible, to meet.	How do you prove a negative.	1
Still, massive internal debt has forced the government to borrow massively on the domestic market and to offer inflation-adjusted returns of 2% to 3% a month just to get investors to hold on to its paper.	About $70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market, which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government.	0
The result is that those rich enough to own any real estate at all have boosted their holdings substantially.	For those with no holdings, the prospects of buying a home are ever slimmer.	0
The return of the Rothschilds is modest.	The new representative office, with one manager and two assistants -- none a member of the Rothschild family -- will carry out no banking operations of its own.	0
The company intends to pay dividends from available cash flow.	the amount may vary from quarter to quarter.	0
that "public TV never paid me more than $40,000 a year.	his compensation under the Sears contract is "a multimillion dollar deal.	0
It's big time chaos today.	I'm going to ship and hope I get paid.	0
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up.	We were never going to get these insurance companies to agree again.	1
Big chunks of the government budget, like the entitlement programs of Social Security and Medicare, wouldn't be affected.	Governors have found that they have to use the device sparingly to maintain political comity.	0
Donaldson Lufkin sweetened the transaction by offering the bonds with a resettable interest rate and a 10% equity kicker.	to have a 14 1/2% coupon rate.	0
that studies completed after the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a source of volatility.	The issues that are (now) being raised, in classic anti-intellectual fashion, fly in the face of a number of post-crash studies.	1
market uncertainty may encourage small companies to form more strategic alliances with big corporations.	Partly because the 1987 market crash made it harder for them to find financing, many high-technology concerns have made such alliances recently.	0
but even his replacement, the more personally genial Spanish biochemist Federico Mayor, has had little success at achieving reforms.	Several ridiculous projects continue, including the "New International Economic Order," which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else's statism.	1
Mr. Stoltzman must have worried that his audience might not be able to take it.	He warned us in advance that "New York Counterpoint" lasts 11 1/2 minutes.	1
that it is in its own interests to let Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters go off to Columbia.	At the very least an opportunity to use the two men to get a pound of flesh from Sony.	0
This particular issue goes to the very integrity of the capital-formation market.	Commissioner Brown doesn't feel that money alone is the issue here.	0
Unfortunately for Mr. Maynard, another branch of the USDA, the Agricultural Marketing Service, was in charge of eggs.	After receiving complaints from egg producers, this branch got the other branch to rescind its approval, thus limiting the machine's potential market to bakeries and restaurants and other establishments that aren't regulated by the USDA.	1
But that doesn't mean "half of the students attending Berkeley" will be admitted this way.	The plan is talking about applicants admitted, not students who enroll.	1
Our felony caseloads have been consistent for 20 years," with about 15% of all prosecutions going to trial.	The discrepancy is somewhat perplexing in that the Syracuse researchers said they based their conclusions on government statistics.	0
that the earthquake made the World Series seem unimportant.	that sports rarely are important, only diverting, and the quake merely highlighted that fact.	0
If you asked me to select a stock with the highest expected return, I would select a stock with the greatest amount of undiversifiable risk, as I am sure your pros do.	Your hypothetical investor is simply being compensated for taking on this added risk.	0
the Sunnyvale chip maker is worried about blackouts.	A sudden surge or drop in electric power could ruin integrated circuits being built.	1
The government is nervous.	According to Mr. Korotich, who was present, Mr. Gorbachev's publicized tongue-lashing of the press on Oct. 13 was more of a plea: "Be careful boys; use good judgment..We're standing in gasoline, so don't smoke.	1
Posix is one of three or four versions of UNIX, but it is increasingly required by the federal government as it tries to standardize its computer systems.	Most other supercomputer manufacturers have yet to adopt the Posix standard adding that they prefer to maintain proprietary systems that lock in customers.	0
This bill simply says that if you want to develop property on a barrier island you have to do so without taxpayer support.	Private-property rights would be upheld because the legislation would not ban coastal development.	0
The string of big junk bond defaults, which have been a major cause of the market's problems this year, probably will persist, some analysts say.	If anything, we're going to see defaults increase because credit ratings have declined," says Paul Asquith, associate professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sloan School of Management.	0
At the New York Stock Exchange, which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange's own listed companies, Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board's 49 stock specialist firms.	The specialists were "livid" about Mr. Phelan's recent remarks that sophisticated computer-driven trading strategies are "here to stay.	1
Colony banks have a major stake in how interest rates move because of their enormous Hong Kong-dollar exposure.	Even though the currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar, with a fixed exchange rate of HK$7.8 to the American currency, the U.S. and Hong Kong economies don't always move in lock step, making it difficult to predict where interest rates in the colony will go.	0
Though no formal trade barriers exist, the Japanese computer industry is difficult for outsiders to enter.	If it were an open market, we would have been in in 1983 or 1984.	1
At Scudder and at the smaller Ivy funds group in Hingham, Mass., for instance, some shareholders called early in the morning to switch money from stock funds to money market funds, but later called back to reverse the switches.	Because mutual fund trades don't take effect until the market close these shareholders effectively stayed put.	1
The action follows Federal Express Corp. 's acquisition of Flying Tiger Line Inc. in August.	After that, "it would make sense for airlines to talk about doing things jointly.	1
investors shouldn't even worry too much about timing.	Trying to time the economy is a mistake.	1
In our time abortion has become another, best left to a line of Supreme Court decisions rather than to the chaos of 50 state legislatures.	A reflective and growing consensus of Americans clearly wishes to apply the right to privacy in contraceptive matters (decided in the Griswold case) to abortion as well.	1
The country has in recent years accepted more than 500,000 refugees from at least four bordering nations.	Kurds have inundated eastern Turkey.	0
imports for the first eight months of 1989 were below the level allowed by the Voluntary Restraint Agreement program.	that, excluding semifinished steel products, year-to-date imports represented 15.2% of consumption, compared with a permitted maximum of 18.5%.	0
The sales-tax plan was preferred over an alternative that would have boosted the state gasoline tax.	that a gas-tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas-tax-increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June.	1
Houston-based Maryland Club Foods, which had sales of about $200 million last year, sells coffee under the Maryland Club and Butter-Nut brands to restaurants, hotels, offices and airlines.	The acquisition "gives us additional production capacity for the food service coffee business and a stronger distribution network.	1
it's very scrupulous with the contracts it hands out.	We're not interested in promoting every single product that comes along.	1
Buyers have to rely on a supplier "continually upgrading and replacing the product.	When a company realizes that, it's hard to go with Wang.	1
Moreover, Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do.	In the U.S., PCs commonly perform many tasks and plug into a broad network..In Japan, many desktop terminals are limited to one function and can't communicate with other machines.	1
Paris loved her at first sight.	She just wiggled her fanny and all the French fell in love with her.	0
In a speech prepared for delivery to London's financial community, Mr. Lawson summed up current economic policy as a battle to wring inflation out of the British economy, using high interest rates as "the essential instrument" to carry out the campaign.	that "rates will have to remain high for some time to come.	1
The TVA's huge $4 billion offering dominated attention in the new-issue market.	TVA offered $2 billion of 30-year bonds priced to yield 9.06%; $1 billion in 10-year notes priced to yield 8.42%; and $1 billion in five-year notes priced to yield 8.33%.	0
Nearly half of them argue that Hong Kong's uneasy relationship with China will constrain -- though not inhibit -- long-term economic growth.	The rest are split roughly between optimists who expect Hong Kong to hum along as before and pessimists who foresee irreparable chaos.	0
It is in the Western interest to see Mr. Gorbachev succeed.	The odds are against him, as he himself would no doubt tell you.	0
In the nine months, net fell 3% to $106 million, or 98 cents a share, from $110 million, or $1.05 a share.	Revenue advanced 26% to $9.6 billion from $7.6 billion.	0
while a pianist accompanies the noon fashion show with a selection of dreamy melodies.	The beautiful look of wool," croons the show's narrator, "slightly Victorian in its influence.	0
Another anti-Turkish hook is the Islamic faith of the majority of the Turkish people.	Turkey is not a Christian nation.	0
While the pound has attempted to stabilize, currency analysts say it is in critical condition.	Sterling plunged about four cents Thursday and hit the week's low of $1.5765 when Mr. Lawson resigned from his six-year post because of a policy squabble with other cabinet members.	1
He also noted that a strong sterling market yesterday might have helped cocoa in New York as arbitragers took advantage of the currency move.	Sandra Kaul, research analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton, said the market pushed higher mainly in anticipation of a late harvest in the Ivory Coast, a major cocoa producer.	0
Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar, and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl.	It's going to get bloody.	1
During the five-year period ended 1986, roughly 80% of the names had money tied up in money-losing syndicates, according to Chatset consultants.	The peril of unlimited liability looms large for a number of them now.	1
It's traders squaring positions.	It's not good.	1
Democracy can be cruel to politicians.	Sometimes it forces them to make choices.	1
that audio taping is the best thing to happen for the recording industry.	The people who tape the most buy the most.	1
Investors took profits on major construction shares, which advanced last week, shifting their attention to some midsize companies such as Aoki Corp., Tobishima and Maeda.	Aoki gained 60 yen to 1,480 yen ($10.40).	1
Color Systems posted a loss of $7.1 million, or $1.32 a share, on revenue of $10.6 million for the fiscal year ended June 30.	Its stock fell 12.5 cents, to $2.125, in American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.	0
and investors applauded the move.	In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Norfolk Southern shares closed at $37.875, up $1.125.	1
that couldn't be more perfect.	It matches her voice.	1
they still consider the contract in effect and had no immediate plans to cancel it.	they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do.	0
Most unusual will be water-borne commuters from the East Bay towns of Oakland and Berkeley.	For the first time in 32 years, ferry service has been restored between the East Bay and San Francisco.	1
That may soon change.	This month, Federal's 2,048 pilots, including some 961 acquired along with Tiger International Inc. in February, will decide whether to elect the powerful Air Line Pilots Association as their bargaining agent.	1
That is, if the company reported results correctly.	The Asahi Shimbun, a Japanese daily, last month reported that Aichi revised its tax calculations after being challenged for allegedly failing to report all of its income to tax authorities over a two-year period.	0
you wanted to caution her as the sets started to roll around once more.	This is the most moving "Traviata" I've ever seen.	0
The five units generated sales of about $1.3 billion in 1988, almost half of Emhart's $2.3 billion revenue.	Bostic posted 1988 sales of $255 million.	0
The benchmark No. 111 4.6% bond due 1998 ended on brokers' screens at a price of 95.39, off 0.28.	The yield rose to 5.38%.	0
The weaknesses in his plan do not lie in the political calculations but in its economic prescription.	Contrary to widespread belief, Mussolini failed to live up to his promise to make the trains run on time.	1
A member in the House leadership and skilled legislator, Mr. Fazio nonetheless found himself burdened not only by California's needs but by Hurricane Hugo amendments he accepted in a vain effort to build support in the panel.	The California Democrat appeared embarrassed by provisions inserted on behalf of owners of private beaches in the Virgin Islands, and lumber interests sought to add another $100 million in federal aid to plant timber on private land in North and South Carolina.	1
The collar was penetrated on a number of occasions," meaning securities firms figured out ways to conduct program trades to circumvent the collar and use the Big Board's electronic trading system.	That was when the exchange took a new tack by publishing monthly statistics listing the top 15 program trading firms.	1
Flags fly at half-staff for the death of Bart Giamatti, the late baseball commissioner, and now the Bay Bridge lies in ruins.	A Series that was shaping up as the dullest since the one-sided Detroit-over-San Diego go of 1984 has become memorable in the least fortunate way.	1
What we're seeing now makes a mockery of the idea of insurance: collect premiums from the healthy, dump the sick and let them pay their own bills.	Some lawmakers may seek legislation to limit overly restrictive insurance policies.	1
it lowered the debt ratings of certain long-term debt held by this company.	the bank's move into the Texas market.	1
Moreover, in the relatively unregulated Indian stock markets, investors frequently don't know what they are getting when they subscribe to an issue.	A prospectus in India doesn't always tell a potential investor much.	1
On a truly comparable basis, we've seen modest earnings growth this year from the operations of our company.	The major negative factor was the cumulative impact of regulatory activity over the past two years.	0
People were going nuts the minute we opened," three days after the quake.	The emotional aspect is so draining, they needed a good workout.	1
He ultimately became so well-known for cutting compensation, however, that clients didn't seek him out for anything else.	I was very frustrated.	1
Nissan is the world's only auto maker currently building vehicles in all three of the world's key economic arenas -- the U.S., Japan and Europe.	That gives it an enviable strategic advantage, at least until its rivals catch up, but also plenty of managerial headaches.	1
During the coming months, layers of management will be peeled away and regional offices will become more autonomous.	For greater efficiency, employees at those locations will be reorganized into teams responsible for managing the properties under their jurisdiction.	0
Officially, the statement isn't an attack on the Rafale.	Adm. Goupil said that when the F-18s wear out, the navy is prepared to take Rafales to replace them.	1
NBC Productions or NBC News could supply the network with other Saturday morning shows, a move that would control costs.	Animated shows, which are made by outside production companies, cost the network about $300,000 per episode.	1
With these incentives, demand creates its own supply and a criminal network along with it.	It seems to me we're not really going to get anywhere until we can take the criminality out of the drug business and the incentives for criminality out of it.	1
The biotechnology firms may be setting up their own competitors.	that until now the Japanese have only acquired equity positions in U.S. biotechnology companies.	1
that it would no longer handle index-arbitrage-related program trades for its accounts.	Shearson, with its in-house order execution system, has handled the bulk of such program trades in the over-the-counter market.	0
it closed at $198 yesterday.	Presumably, UAL is now trading closer to its value based on earnings.	1
TPA sales are down quarter to quarter.	Expenses are flat.	0
without quite grasping the implications of the research on cholesterol.	The council's annual report has psyllium on its last page, lumped with such unglamorous export items as sarsaparilla and "Nux vomica," a plant that induces vomiting.	1
Separately, the commission intervened in a Connecticut state judge's age-bias suit in federal court in New Haven.	The commission's filing in that case challenges Connecticut's mandatory retirement age of 70 for appointed judges.	0
At the last minute, however, Pakistani officials sent in Gulbuddin Hekhmatyar, perhaps the most hated and feared of the extremists, with a demand that the surrender be made to his forces.	The deal fell through, and Kandahar remains a major regime base.	1
but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow.	Our bread and butter is still the $2 million to $20 million account.	0
Thousands of East Germans attended public rallies organized by the Communist leadership and demanded free speech, controls on the security forces and an end to official privileges.	The gatherings in East Berlin and elsewhere were viewed as part of a government effort to stop activists from staging protests to press their demands.	0
Guarantee rates are typically 100%, giving lenders little reason to screen customers carefully.	Reducing those rates moderately (say, to 75%) would still provide substantial assistance to borrowers.	0
And he favors a more cooperative approach toward the neighboring states of New Jersey and Connecticut in the battle over companies thinking of moving employees out of New York City.	the Koch administration's aggressive approach helped save 5,000 Chase Manhattan Bank jobs from moving across the Hudson.	0
The percentage of your day spent twiddling your thumbs got greater, and the work day kept getting longer.	What am I doing in Jackson Hole?.Not a great deal.	0
The dollar's near-term path remains foggy, according to currencny analysts.	In late New York trading yesterday, the dollar was quoted at 1.8667 marks, down from 1.8685 marks late Monday, and at 142.75 yen, up from 141.85 yen late Monday.	1
ENGRAPH INC. recently reported third-quarter earnings, which were mistakenly shown in the Quarterly Earnings Surprises table in last Tuesday's edition to be lower than the average of analysts' estimates.	Zacks Investment Research didn't adjust one analyst's estimate for a stock split, which therefore was artificially high.	1
During time off, Mr. Roman tends to his garden.	Mr. Phillips confesses to a fondness for, among other things, fast cars and planes.	0
when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market.	They trotted out another crop of instant commercials after the sudden market dip a few weeks ago.	0
futures are useful as a way to hedge portfolios.	If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall, but want to continue owning stocks, they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts.	1
the proposed management LBOs will be easy to complete, especially at B. Altman & Co., which is under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.	Not only could the Wall Street gyrations damp Christmas sales if consumers lose confidence in the economy, but potential junk-bond buyers are sure to demand even stronger covenants and greater management equity participation.	1
Mideast politics have calmed down and the squabbling within the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries seems under control for now.	The fundamentals of supply and demand once again are setting oil prices.	1
Ford might challenge the proposal by offering a full bid if holders and the U.K. government agreed to drop the anti-takeover barrier early.	I think Ford is going to come out with full guns blazing.	0
AT&T offered a similar Tariff 15 discount to Resort Condominium International, of Indianapolis, to meet another MCI bid.	The FCC "didn't say I couldn't do it again.	1
Unless the Soviet Union collapses, German reunification is likely to require Germany's neutralization.	The implications for Britain, France and the rest of Europe of having their currencies tied to the economic policy of a neutral country need considering before we judge Mr. Lawson's resignation to be unfortunate.	1
Mr. Krenz has followed much the same career path as Mr. Honecker.	Both spent years overseeing the Freie Deutsche Jugend.	0
Mr. Jones is resigned to the hefty salaries he pays his players these days.	He calls the contracts "critical to winning in the NFL" and has played his part in the bidding wars.	0
But we shouldn't leave out political reasons, number one.	You try to maintain your dignity under difficult circumstances.	0
Despite the criticism, Philip Morris's corporate campaign runs little risk of getting yanked off the tube.	They aren't showing James Madison taking a puff or lighting up.	1
Tradition is dictator at Lloyd's.	Three years ago, the exchange took up residence in a space-age tower of steel and glass -- evocative of the kind of modern architecture that Britain's Prince Charles has denounced.	0
that investors shouldn't slavishly follow any specific price/earnings sell trigger.	If you say sell anytime a company's price/earnings ratio exceeds 15, that knocks out all your growth stocks.	1
With inflation surging, the pound began falling against the mark.	To keep the exchange rate pegged, Mr. Lawson tightened monetary policy and pushed interest rates up to 15%.	1
London Metal Exchange warehouse stocks were down only 4,800 metric tons for the week to 84,500 tons.	expectations late last week were a drop of 10,000 to 15,000 tons.	0
when lawyer Stephen Glazier first made the case on this page.	The 1974 budget "reform," passed over President Nixon's veto, took away the presidential impoundment power, thereby introducing monstrous CRs and eviscerating the presidential veto.	0
In fact, only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years, according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee's Democratic staff.	The last federal execution before the Supreme Court's 1972 ruling banning the death penalty took place in 1963, meaning that the federal government didn't exercise its execution authority for eight years.	0
StatesWest asked Mesa to repond by Oct. 31.	Mesa President Larry Risley said his board had received Stateswest's most recent offer and was reviewing it.	0
Two hours later, the first word emerged on Capitol Hill that the administration had agreed to reconciliation with no such assurances from Senate Democrats.	Mr. Rahn was shocked, telephoning the office of Richard Darman, director of the Office of Management and Budget, and the administration's chief strategist on this issue.	1
That news, plus recent signs of economic sluggishness, greatly increases pressure on the Federal Reserve to ease credit further.	I see a lot of evidence indicating a slower economy, and that means my interest-rate outlook has a downward tilt," said Garnett L. Keith Jr., vice chairman of Prudential Insurance Co. of America, one of the nation's largest institutional investors.	0
I like to use them to feel out the market.	If they don't fill it immediately, then I can start over at a new price or try again with the same price.	0
Michael F. Harris, 53, was named executive vice president, North America, for the Financial Times.	Mr. Harris had been vice president for the newspaper's advertising in New York.	0
On the other hand, investors beat a clear path yesterday to blue-chip issues with proven earnings growth records.	Among the 30 Dow industrials, they bought McDonald's, Coca-Cola Co. and Procter & Gamble and sold Aluminum Co. of America.	0
The Big Board's disclosure of program trading activity on these two days was unusual.	Though it collects such data daily, its monthly reports on program trading usually come out about three weeks after each month ends.	1
As the Chinese have shown and the Soviets are learning, family farms thrive where collectives fail.	Ownership, it seems, is the best fertilizer.	1
There's no constitutional right involved in the rule change.	You don't have a right to practice.	1
If you are a salaried man, Amen! 100% captured..If you are a retailer, 50%, and a farmer, 30%.	To correct this inequality, most people would have favored an indirect tax, like the consumption tax.	1
As expected, the longer-term tax-exempt New York bonds had yields nearly as high as those on taxable long-term Treasury bonds..The yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond ended yesterday at about 7.92%.	the rates for the long-term tax-exempt New York City bonds were among the highest, as a percentage of Treasury rates, for any New York City issue in recent memory.	0
At first UAL didn't open because of an order imbalance.	When it did a half-hour into the session, it was priced at $150 a share, down more than $28 from Monday's close.	0
Have the freedoms of glasnost gone to Mr. Ovcharenko's head? Hardly.	The Irish-Soviet aviation connection is alive and well here at Shannon Airport.	1
Third-quarter and nine-month results don't include any provision for premium returns that could be ordered by the California Department of Insurance under Proposition 103.	it has applied for an exemption from these rate rollbacks, and plans to defend its filing in hearings before the department.	1
There are still bulls out there.	I still think we will have a 3000 Dow, whether it's six months or 12 months from now I don't know," says David Dreman, managing partner of Dreman Value Management in New York.	0
the best planner might be no planner at all.	For most investors "the benefits just aren't worth the risks.	1
This is serious business.	we're serious about a capital-gains reduction.	0
The news told them it would be a while longer before UAL resumed trading like a regular airline stock after months of gyrations.	When Mr. Jacobson walked into the office at 7:30 a.m. EDT, he announced: "OK, buckle up.	1
and Lang Communications has announced Ms. magazine, after 17 years, will no longer carry advertising as of January.	Lang is cutting costs and will attempt to operate the magazine with only subscription revenue.	1
Ms. McFadden had been forced out in July in a bitter power struggle with Z. Lou Guttman, chairman and a longtime floor trader on the exchange.	that he was looking for a president who would be "responsive to the needs of the membership and the board.	0
These rate indications aren't directly comparable.	lending practices vary widely by location.	1
For a woman whose period is late, using RU-486 means no waiting, no walking past picket lines at abortion clinics, and no feet up in stirrups for surgery," burbles health writer Laura Fraser. "It also means she will never have to know whether she had actually been pregnant.	Wrong on all counts, Miss Fraser.	0
Leonard Matthews, then-president of the American Association of Advertising Agencies, called Mr. Achenbaum a "quisling" in an incendiary 1987 speech.	Yesterday, Mr. Matthews, now a consultant with the Stamford, Conn., firm Matthews & Johnston, quipped, "I think he'll be very good at that {new job}.	0
when its mainstay minicomputer line is under growing pressure from smaller personal computers and workstations that operate on standard operating systems rather than on the proprietary systems that older minicomputers use.	Although Digital has staked out a major presence in the booming workstation market, profit margins in that market are much slimmer than for mainframes.	1
a surprising choice, but given the Swedish Academy's past perversities, hardly the most undeserved and ridiculous accolade handed out by the awarding committee.	In Spain, anyway, the 73-year-old Mr. Cela enjoys some renown for the novels and travel books he wrote during the parched Franco years.	1
and the producers of one new arrival are a bit desperate.	Homeroom," a show about a black ad executive who gives up the boardroom for a fourth-grade classroom, is flunking the ratings test.	1
a company that allegedly sat on damaging evidence of overcharges from 1983 to 1985, despite warnings from an internal auditor.	that Mr. Orr "was erroneously informed that the {suspected} practices had only just been discovered" by GE management.	0
that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market, regardless of index arbitrage.	A lot of people would like to go back to 1970," before program trading.	1
lower prices hurt margins for most products.	We did see some relief in raw material costs, but it wasn't sufficient to offset the drop in sales prices.	1
The institute has governmental service contracts for the provision of direct patient services.	collects patient fees.	0
Even after-hours drag.	karaoke" bars, where Japanese revelers sing over recorded music, are prohibited by Mexico's powerful musicians union.	1
She serves high Russian tea, at 5 p.m.	It's supposed to be later but I just moved it.	0
this year, it was the farmers who brought them down.	In June, farmers held onto meat, milk and grain, waiting for July's usual state-directed price rises.	1
Earlier this year, Blackstone Group, a New York investment bank, had no trouble selling out a special $570 million mortgage-securities trust it created for Japanese investors.	Industrial Bank of Japan, which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities, says it will more than double its purchases this year, to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars.	0
If you say sell anytime a company's price/earnings ratio exceeds 15, that knocks out all your growth stocks.	You eliminate companies with substantial prospects that are moving up in price.	1
It is generally desirable to use older textbooks -- many of them, alas, out of print -- rather than newer ones.	The latter are modish, trendy, often downright silly, and at best insubstantial.	1
For the more than 43 million Americans with disabilities, the 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act provides the missing piece.	Disabled Americans have had their civil rights guaranteed in all federally funded programs since Section 504 was passed as a part of the 1973 Rehabilitation Act..The 1989 act simply extends these guarantees to the private sector.	0
We have to study their experience very well.	We must find any way to get business.	1
Two segments posted lower earnings for the quarter.	Profit from coal fell to $41 million from $58 million, partly because of a miners' strike.	0
that the hospitals he runs deal with more than 100 utilization management firms and that many of them have different procedures and requirements.	The panel urged greater efforts to reduce the complexity, paperwork and cost of utilization review.	1
In addition to the usual array of defenses, including a so-called poison pill and a staggered board, Nekoosa has another takeover defense: a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years.	Nekoosa is incorporated in Maine.	1
that obstacles still remain.	As part of the agreement with the state, the developers said they would not proceed with condemnation proceedings while there was "significant litigation" pending.	1
No settlement negotiated by others can force the Afghan people to give up their struggle.	A cutoff of U.S. military aid would merely abandon them to die in vain.	0
Mr. Lipstein's absence from the meeting here raised speculation that the sale is in trouble.	Mr. Lipstein said in a telephone interview from New York that the sale was proceeding as planned.	0
In 1956 Arab producers cut off supplies to Europe.	Texas simply pumped harder.	0
We should also add Mr. Lawson's own explanation, as we understand it.	Unlike the U.S., Britain never achieved even a momentary reduction in real wages.	0
that global forces will continue to govern Hong Kong's economic rhythm.	Once external conditions, such as U.S. demand, swing in the territory's favor local businessmen will probably overcome their 1997 worries and continue doing business as usual.	1
From 1980 to 1988, while federal budget deficits totaled $1.41 trillion, the government issued $394 billion of new direct loans and an additional $756 billion of new primary loan guarantees.	These figures omit secondary guarantees, deposit insurance, and the activities of Government-Sponsored Enterprises (a huge concern in its own right, as detailed on this page May 3.	0
We suggest that Mr. Fernandez find an incompetent principal, toss him out of the building and let the forces of the status quo explain to the parents whatever it is they're defending.	In his old job, as Dade County chief, Mr. Fernandez forced out 92 teachers and reshuffled 48 principals.	0
That isn't easy.	Wang's customers are data processing managers who want to be sure that their suppliers are stable, wellrun companies that will be around to fix bugs and upgrade computers for years to come.	1
that the bank and thrift regulators generally said they have been too busy handling the record number of bank and thrift failures in the past few years to put much energy into investigating possible discrimination.	We would be the first to admit that we have not devoted the necessary amount of emphasis over the past several years" to developing examinations for discrimination, said Jonathan Fiechter, a top official of the Office of Thrift Supervision.	0
The New Jersey paper, like the New Haven, Conn., paper, was purchased by Ingersoll on Goodson's behalf as part of the management contract.	that the purchase price for the paper was too high, causing a strain on Goodson's finances.	0
Twenty years ago, in the infancy of suburban sprawl, just a handful of dealerships were here.	Now there are 23.	0
Still, investors will take some convincing before they get back into IBM's stock in a big way.	that while investors were looking for an excuse to buy IBM shares a year ago, even the big institutional investors are looking for a reason to avoid the stock these days.	0
consumer prices rose only 0.2% last month.	Economists expected twice as large an increase.	0
And they are a very odd team in any case.	Mr. Guber was raised in Boston and educated in New York.	1
For the nine months, net income rose 19% to $449 million, or $2.40 a share, from $375.9 million, or $2.01 a share, a year earlier.	Year-earlier earnings reflected costs of $14.3 million related to the acquisition of IMS International.	0
Your Sept. 25 criticism of credit-card foreign-exchange charges is unwarranted.	and the net exchange rate charged on my Visa account was more favorable than I obtained for traveler's checks in any of the several banks where I converted them.	1
Oh, that terrible Mr. Ortega.	Just when American liberalism had pulled the arms plug on the Contras and their friend Ronald Reagan, along comes Mr. Ortega in Costa Rica this weekend to "blunder" into the hands of what are often called conservatives.	1
Mr. Noriega was accused of ordering in 1985 the beheading of Hugo Spadafora, his most outspoken political opponent and the first man to publicly finger Mr. Noriega on drug trafficking charges..He then ousted President Nicholas Ardito Barletta, a former World Bank official with close ties to the U.S., after Mr. Barletta tried to create a commission to investigate the murder..And, all the while, Panama's debt problems continued to grow.	Mr. Noriega was growing desperate.	1
B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks Fifth Avenue and float its big paper and British retailing businesses via share issues to existing holders.	Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10%, or about 153 million, of its shares and a 50% dividend increase.	0
A disastrous farce in Malaysia.	She can no longer be trusted to behave in a civilised -- that is unflaky -- fashion when abroad.	1
But when prices were crazy, it was even harder to do an LBO.	Bankers believed in the greater-fool theory that says somebody else is always willing to pay more.	1
Litigation Sciences concedes that in one in 20 cases it was flatout wrong in its predictions.	A few attorneys offer horror stories of jobs botched by consultants or of overpriced services.	0
I would say he's definitely not in need of money.	He has good investments.	1
the project could jeopardize costly efforts to stop, or slow down, the subsidence that makes Venice subject to regular and destructive flooding.	The council unanimously opposed the idea of AGIP pumping out the methane gas and swiftly appealed to the company and to Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti.	1
Even before then, the trust may be eager to unload Manville stock.	It doesn't pay a dividend, and this trust needs income.	1
Americans spent more than $190 billion on new cars and trucks last year, and just 1% of that market exceeded Polaroid Co. 's sales of $1.86 billion.	Even if it's only 1% would you throw away sales the size of Polaroid.	1
the decline was almost certainly influenced by the early sell-off in the stock market, which partly reflected a weakening economy.	the recent decline in copper stocks was misleading in the face of a slowdown in manufacturing.	0
Accessories not only sell faster than whole bikes, they also offer profit margins nearly double the 25% to 30% or so on sales of complete cycles.	To get a piece of the business, Nike Inc., Beaverton, Ore., introduced a line of mountain-bike shoes.	1
UAL is a small deal as far as the overall market is concerned.	The only way you can make it a big deal is to draw linkages that just don't make sense.	0
Nuclear power plants are acceptable.	The U.S.-Japan Security Treaty can continue, sort of.	0
I heard parts of the building above my head cracking.	I actually thought that I might die.	1
Each weekday matches a sponsor and a topic.	On Mondays, Unilever N.V.'s Lever Bros. sponsors tips on diet and exercise, followed by a 30-second Lever Bros. commercial.	0
The league organizers seem more a fit with a convention next door of young aerobics instructors in leotards than the beefy union leaders.	I wish I could go work out," says a slim activist.	0
William J. Montgoris, chief financial officer, defended the lofty salaries at Bear Stearns.	All of us are on a base salary of $200,000 if the firm makes nothing -- and that's pretty low as far as Wall Street goes," Mr. Montgoris said.	0
that after spending 24 years at Maidenform, Mr. Lesk, 48, made it clear he wanted the top job.	If you want the presidency of the company, this isn't the firm to work for.	0
And he isn't the only big spender.	NBC will pay a record $401 million for the 1992 Summer Games.	0
The show, one of five new NBC series, is the second casualty of the three networks so far this fall.	Last week CBS Inc. canceled "The People Next Door.	1
and avoid discussions of finances.	Responding to such questions is "defensive.	1
The Chivas ad illustrates -- via a series of pullouts -- the wild reactions from the pool man, gardener and others if not given Chivas for Christmas.	The three-page Crown Royal ad features a black-and-white shot of a boring holiday party -- and a set of colorful stickers with which readers can dress it up.	0
the $500 million is a little bit of a fire drill.	as the pricing time arrives, the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount.	0
MacNamara Clapp & Klein, a small New York shop, is asking magazine ad representatives to tell it when major advertising inserts will run in their publications.	it may pull its clients' ads from those magazines.	1
that net rose 1.7% to $121 million, or 81 cents a share, from $119 million, or 80 cents a share, the year earlier.	Sales slipped 1.3% to $2.82 billion from $2.86 billion.	0
The first 10 pages of the 76-page Weekly Portfolio Perspective are completely blank, except for the page numbers.	Rather than printing devils, Shearson puts all the blame on the unpredictable stock market.	0
and a lot more will be done.	Improving profitability of U.S. operations is an extremely high priority in the company.	1
Mr. Melloan's column was right on the money, but I wish it could have gone one step further.	As an employee of a major refrigerator and freezer manufacturer, I have been heavily involved in dealing with the political manifestations of the Rowland-Molina theory (named after the researchers who found in 1974 that chlorofluorocarbons contributed to the depletion of ozone in the earth's atmosphere) and the Montreal Protocol.	1
Meanwhile, competition from rivals unencumbered by history is intensifying.	Lloyd's is being squeezed out of low-margin but more consistently profitable product lines such as primary property and marine insurance.	0
People in the stock market were very much Thatcher's children -- very young and wealthy optimists.	Now it's dawning on them that they can be non-wealthy.	0
that the Founders had worried that Congress might take the President out of the loop.	Article I, Section 7, Clause 3 says that whether it's called an "order, resolution or vote" or anything else, Presidents must have the chance to veto.	1
To promote this balance, OPEC now is finally confronting a long-simmering internal problem.	At its November meeting, it will try to revise its quotas to satisfy Persian Gulf members that can produce far more oil than their allotments.	0
The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be male sterile and herbicide resistant and half will be male fertile and herbicide susceptible.	The application of herbicide would kill off the male-fertile plants, leaving a large field of male-sterile plants that can be cross-pollinated to produce hybrid seed.	1
He often groans, he says, at the "clutter" of sports stories about drugs, alcohol, gambling and some player's lament "about the miserly millions he is offered to play the game." His morning paper, the Washington Post, even carries a sports column called "Jurisprudence" that recounts the latest arrests and convictions of players and team managers.	Like many sports buffs, Mr. Engelken has turned cynic.	1
the new machine will also be used by businesses and for communications.	This clearly demonstrates that Mips is a systems company rather than just a chip company.	1
Third, they offer high yields.	At the moment, some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities.	0
Until his resignation, Mr. Lawson had been conducting British monetary policy as if the pound were tied to the mark.	When Mrs. Thatcher cut the top tax rate to 40%, Mr. Lawson flooded the country with money to prevent the pound from rising against the mark.	1
East Germany pledged to reduce alcohol consumption by boosting production of soft drinks and fruit juices.	that the rise in alcohol consumption in East Germany had been halted.	0
Still it's no bad thing" if all the marketing prods people into putting aside a little more.	The situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they'll be able to do it out of current income.	1
Longer term, the impact is unclear.	The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms.	1
That means that on days when prices are tumbling and sellers abound they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will.	In such an environment, a market maker can absorb huge losses.	1
But reform hasn't taken hold yet.	The industry is still pretty much in its Wild West days.	0
According to one analyst, workers at the Cananea copper mine in Mexico are set to return to work.	it will take about two to three months before the mine begins to produce copper in significant quantities.	0
Dun & Bradstreet dropped 3/4 to 51 1/8 on 1.9 million shares on uncertainty about the company's earnings prospects.	Merrill Lynch cut its rating and 1990 earnings estimate Thursday, citing weakness in its credit-rating business.	0
This is a problem that's taking on a life of its own.	The program trading situation seems to have driven individual investors as well as others out of the market, and even Europeans are suspicious.	1
The measure is scheduled to be taken up by the Appropriations Committee today.	The panel is expected to add provisions waiving restrictions on the use of federal highway funds and may also shift money within the package to bolster the share for the Small Business Administration.	0
the market turmoil "is an absolute non-event for small business.	For small companies interest rates are far more important than what happens on stock exchanges.	0
When consumers have so many choices, brand loyalty is much harder to maintain.	that 53% of today's car buyers tend to switch brands.	0
The women wanted photo albums, a certain brooch, kind of sentimental things.	He showed an unbroken, still-ticking pocket watch that he retrieved for one woman.	0
It is always the responsibility of investors to keep track of the orders they have placed.	Investors who change their mind about buying or selling after an order has been filled are, usually, stuck with the consequences.	1
The CBS plan to use big-time sports as a platform for other series carries no guarantee of success, however.	No amount of hype will bring viewers back if the shows are weak.	1
The British conglomerate, planning its own defensive restructuring to fight off a #13.35 billion ($21.03 billion) takeover bid by Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith, intends to press ahead with an extraordinary shareholder vote today to clear the way for its value-boosting measures.	If anything, the gyrations in world stock markets since last Friday's sharp Wall Street sell-off have increased the likelihood of shareholder approval for the restructuring.	1
In their lexicon the 508-point collapse in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 19, 1987, was just a big blip.	Trotting out a much-beloved Streetspeak term, New York Stock Exchange Chairman John Phelan recently declared that history would record the event as only "a major technical correction.	0
He simply hasn't explained why something worth a million dollars ended up worth $58,000 two years later.	It's ludicrous for him to suggest it's the difference between the 'breakup' value of the shares and their market value.	1
By and large, these efforts have borne fruit.	In my home region, Latin America, much of the existing infrastructure base -- an important building block for development -- has been financed by the World Bank.	0
Some money managers are pursuing growth stocks at the expense of those that rise and fall along with the economic cycle.	One of the stories of the fourth quarter is that we will get an unusual number of earnings disappointments from companies sensitive to the economy.	1
But that won't stop plaintiffs' lawyers from seeking a little room for maneuvering.	In San Francisco an earthquake was a near certainty.	1
The occasional Englishman tries to put on airs but we let it pass.	It's just comic when they try to pretend they're still the master race.	1
I don't want expensive machines.	If the situation changes, I'll get stuck with them.	1
We don't need cartoons anymore.	They only accounted for 5%, at best, of the station's total revenues.	1
London share prices closed sharply lower Tuesday on the back of Wall Street's steep drop and renewed fears over U.K. economic fundamentals.	Tokyo's winning streak came to an end.	0
It was whooosh.	In five minutes, the Dow industrials climbed almost 30 points.	0
Alfred Zapfel, chief trader at Bank of Boston in Frankfurt, took an opposite stance.	he expects U.S. interest rates to decline, dragging the dollar down to around 1.80 marks by the end of January after a short-lived dash to 1.87 marks by the end of November.	0
Or maybe the TV network would lose nothing.	Geraldo or Phil would probably pull up another camera and interview the chained protesters.	1
Newport Beach telemarketers concentrate on precious metals and oil-leasing deals that typically cost thousands of dollars a shot.	The investors range from elderly widows to affluent professionals.	0
For individuals, the Packwood plan would exclude from income 5% of the gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year.	The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held until it reached a maximum of 35%.	0
At the firm's annual meeting last night, he told shareholders that index arbitrage won't go away, despite the public outcry.	If they think they are going to stop index arbitrage by causing a few Wall Street firms to quit, they are crazy," Mr. Greenberg said.	0
in restructuring USX.	Mr. Icahn has long believed that the company, whose 1988 sales totaled $16.88 billion, is worth $70 a share if broken up.	1
Over at the Shell station, owner Rudi van Dyk worries that the Orange Workers have made his town the laughingstock of the nation.	What they want us to do just isn't practical.	1
In a planned protest against his appearance, several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program cannot continue.	The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige.	1
linage is down.	It will be hard to do handstands until real linage starts heading back up.	1
A second theme is the undercurrent of social class and race in the public reaction to the Morgan case.	Dr. Morgan is a highly educated white professional who attended some of the "best" schools.	1
People are not apt to be self-conscious about the place or themselves.	Texas is big and beautiful and they live here, that's all.	0
Nevertheless, Mr. Corry, once named chief executive, didn't waste any time distancing himself from his former boss.	Soon after taking over last June, Mr. Corry rescinded a pay cut imposed on clerical workers, a move that Mr. Roderick hadn't made in spite of improved earnings.	0
Emergency measures would be introduced to ease the country's financial crisis, notably its $200 billion budget deficit..By the end of next year, all loss-making state enterprises would be put out of business or handed over to workers who would buy or lease them or turn them into cooperatives.	Similar steps would be taken to liquidate unprofitable state and collective farms by the end of 1991.	0
Guinness's Schenley Industries unit has increased its TV advertising in Japan and has built partnerships with duty-free shops throughout Asia, enabling it to install prominent counter displays.	The company's I.W. Harper brand is the leading bourbon in Japan, with 40% of the market.	1
It doesn't appear to be getting worse.	That in itself has got to cause people to feel a little more optimistic.	1
The carrier also seemed eager to place blame on its American counterparts.	The {buy-out} consortium ceased to exist because our American partners were not capable of organizing the financing," a British Air spokesman said.	0
The book is patronizing about this nouveau riche struggle for respectability, which has its tawdry aspects..However, on balance, the charity game helps America..If those who have the money don't get involved with the museums and the charities, then City Hall will do it, badly.	It has been rightly observed that the main thing wrong with tainted money is, t'aint enough of it.	0
there's a good chance they'll do a bit better than that.	In fiscal 1989, P&G earned $3.56 a share, adjusted for the stock split.	0
It's all anybody wants to talk about.	People wonder what's going to happen next.	1
Now Movieline is located in the same building as Vesoft.	Things work out unexpectedly in life.	0
the OTC market has a habit of lagging big moves on the New York Stock Exchange.	While the industrial average rallied on Monday following last Friday's collapse, the OTC market, which didn't suffer too badly during the correction, tumbled.	0
Erwin Tomash, the 67-year-old founder of this maker of data communications products and a former chairman and chief executive, resigned as a director.	Dataproducts is fighting a hostile tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners, a group led by New York-based Crescott Investments Associates..Under the circumstances, Dataproducts said, Mr. Tomash said he was unable to devote the time required because of other commitments.	1
Buying activity Tuesday centered on a wide range of midcapitalization, domestic demand-related shares whose prices range from 1,000 to 2,000 yen.	Investors expect these shares will be targets of investment trust funds.	1
Third-quarter earnings at Amerada Hess more than tripled to $51.81 million, or 64 cents a share, from $15.7 million, or 20 cents a share, a year earlier.	Revenue climbed 28%, to $1.18 billion from $925 million.	0
The hardest thing in any complex case is to retain objectivity and, in some sense, your ignorance.	What you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you give an opening argument to your wife or a friend and get some response to it.	1
The estimated improvement in Colgate's U.S. operations took some analysts by surprise.	Colgate's household products business has been a weak performer.	1
But domestic consumer sales slipped 1.2% for the quarter, to $490 million from $496 million.	softness in the retail health and beauty aids category, "as well as the intense competition in the company's sanitary protection product line.	1
Although that may sound like an arcane maneuver of little interest outside Washington, it would set off a political earthquake.	The ramifications are enormous.	1
In the health-care segment, pharmaceutical sales increased 4% and sales of hospital products increased 1%.	During the quarter, Pfizer received federal approval of Procardia XL, a calcium channel blocker approved for both angina and hypertension, and Monorail Piccolino, used to open obstructed coronary arteries.	0
The hulk of Stalinism, it seems, will not quickly crumble away.	State monopolies will keep on stifling trade, "free" prices or not, until something else replaces them.	0
And avoiding such losses will take a monumental effort.	On the $1.06 billion baseball agreement alone, CBS is likely to lose $250 million in four years.	0
If the stock goes up in price between now and the put's expiration date, the put will probably expire worthless.	The investor will be out the cost of the put and this loss will reduce the stock-market profit.	1
The Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond, which jumped 3/8 point, or about $3.75 for each $1,000 face amount, during the first hour of trading, ended little changed.	Interest rates barely budged from Tuesday's levels.	0
Fujitsu wasn't the only company willing to sacrifice profit on the project.	Three competitors bid between 300,000 yen and 500,000 yen, according to the Hiroshima government office.	0
First Unilever, the Anglo-Dutch packaged-goods giant, spent $2 billion to acquire brands such as Faberge and Elizabeth Arden.	It now holds the No. 3 position at U.S. department-store cosmetic counters.	1
Nor is CBS a shoo-in to get blockbuster ratings.	In recent years, the World Series and the Olympics were aired against CBS's last-place lineup..But CBS will put the athletes up against Bill Cosby, "Cheers" and other shows in NBC's No. 1 schedule.	1
The resistance lacks not only air power, armor and expertise but often such essentials as maps, mine detectors, or even winter gloves..Experienced resistance commanders wanted to use guerrilla action and siege tactics to wear down the regime..Instead, they were pressured by Pakistan's ISI, the channel for their support, into attacking Jalalabad..They took more than 25% casualties; journalists report that they faced minefields without mine detectors.	The wonder is not that the resistance has failed to topple the Kabul regime, but that it continues to exist and fight at all.	1
My prediction is there will be mass litigation over errors and omissions in engineering and contracting.	that Interstate 880 suffered serious damage while surrounding buildings appeared to sustain no damage whatsoever.	1
Margins will remain under pressure, and when the new mainframe does ship, I'm not sure it will be a big winner.	he was revising his estimate for DEC's current year from $8.20 a share to "well below $8," although he hasn't settled on a final number.	1
At Jasper Jeep-Eagle, one of the largest Jeep dealerships in the country, inventories have continued to swell.	new rebates of $500 to $1,000 on the models have stimulated sales, but not enough to significantly cut dealer stocks.	1
the biggest problem facing all commodity exchanges was one of image.	Earlier this year, the U.S. attorney indicted 45 floor traders and one clerk at the two big Chicago exchanges.	1
Airborne Freight climbed 1 1/8 to 38 1/2.	Its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier and exceeded analysts' expectations.	1
Rules that set standards for products or govern business behavior, generally the best regarded form of red tape, "create a level playing field and keep unscrupulous competitors away.	the Federal Communications Commission and its standards for telecommunications equipment: "They monitor product quality and prevent junk from flooding the market.	0
to charges of fraud in connection with the sale of fake Salvador Dali lithographs.	James Burke and Larry Evans, formerly owners of the now-defunct Barclay Gallery, and Prudence Clark, a Barclay sales representative, were charged with conducting high-pressure telephone sales in which they misrepresented cheap copies of Dali artwork as signed, limited-edition lithographs.	0
Known as Easy Eggs, the product has disappointed investors.	When the company this month announced lower-than-forecast sales of Easy Eggs, the stock dropped nearly 19%.	1
A reflective and growing consensus of Americans clearly wishes to apply the right to privacy in contraceptive matters (decided in the Griswold case) to abortion as well.	One can understand Mr. Bork's fear that the new right to privacy will become intolerably stretched, though a Supreme Court composed of men and women with realism, guts and a sense of limits should be able to manage it.	1
Mr. Pilson gave him one.	He bid $243 million for rights to the 1992 Winter Games in Albertville, France.	0
Some people think the search for liquidity is fruitless.	In 1936, John Maynard Keynes wrote that "of the maxims of orthodox finance none, surely, is more antisocial than the fetish of liquidity.	0
But those who said "This can't be happening" were right.	The Quotrons were wrong.	1
Norwood, Mass.-based Phoenix, a once-high-flying maker of software for personal computers, has had substantial losses in the past two quarters.	Its stock, which was as high as $18.75 a share, has been trading under $4 a share recently.	1
The fact of the matter is, I am a marketer.	That's another reason {for the Backer Spielvogel job}.	1
Defining combat aircraft is even tougher.	The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks, then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are "solely defensive.	0
they managed to induce bacteria to produce a non-toxic version of the poisons produced by the bacterium that causes whooping cough.	Laboratory tests showed that non-toxic versions of the poisons are capable of inducing an immunity to whooping cough.	0
While rights fees head skyward, ad rates won't.	Advertisers already are balking at higher prices.	1
Freddie Mac's 9 1/2% issue was quoted at 99 20/32, up 3/32 from Monday.	Fannie Mae's 9% issue was at 98 7/32, up 1/8.	0
To do that, they must think in terms of sheetrock by the square foot, carpeting by the square yard, wallpaper by the roll, molding by the linear foot.	Using a calculator and a unit-price guide for such jobs as painting, plumbing and roofing in each major region of the country, adjusters can figure out the value of a home in today's market and what it would cost to rebuild it.	0
Things are a little less overpriced" after Friday's jolt in the market.	stocks to decline an additional 5% to 30%.	0
We asked police to investigate why they are allowed to distribute the flag in this way.	It should be considered against the law.	1
And she has this inexhaustible energy.	She'll think of an idea the editorial people think is impossible, then she'll have us make it work.	1
Meanwhile, the exchange has been trying to lower costs.	It recently cut its work force by 9%, or 213.	0
Ground batteries, targeting an odd assortment of aircraft traveling at highly unusual speeds, opened up a furious fusillade.	The sky filled with 12.8-pound shells, several of which fell back to Earth, destroying homes and buildings.	1
and traced it to a user named "Hunter," who had no valid billing address.	Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers.	1
that the courts adopt different "tracks" for different types of civil cases in order to separate the handling of highly complex suits from simpler ones.	Complex cases, such as antitrust suits and many business disputes, would receive intense supervision by federal judges to keep pretrial proceedings moving..Standard cases would require less judicial attention, and fast-track cases could be resolved quickly.	1
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349.	224 issues were unchanged.	0
He also is close to American Express's chairman and chief executive officer, James D. Robinson III.	Aside from working with Mr. Robinson on the American Express advertising account for about 11 years, Mr. Roman serves on several of the same charities and boards as Mr. Robinson.	1
Not that the language war is won, even on "Batibot.	During one recent episode, all the advertisements were in English.	1
We are still looking.	The banks we think would fit into our concept are either government-owned or not for sale, though Deutsche Bank would be able to pay a good price.	0
By making a break from tradition, Brooks Brothers is seeking a delicate balance.	If it promotes fashion too much, the shop risks alienating its old-line customers.	1
Hacksaw" and "Bonecrusher" are the sort of nicknames normally associated with linebackers and heavyweight contenders.	Who'd have thought that the next group of tough guys carrying around reputations like that would be school superintendents?.	1
Nancy Igdaloff may be a good prospect for such a gizmo.	She's trying to sell a $150 exercise bike she bought about five years ago for her roommate.	1
investors were picking individual stocks based on specific incentives and the likelihood of a wider price increase over the short term.	The selective approach blurred themes such as domestic-demand issues, large-capitalization issues or high-technology shares, which had been providing at least some trading direction over the past few weeks.	1
The chamber voted 231-191, 51 votes short of the two-thirds majority needed to overturn the president's veto of legislation renewing support of Medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest.	The roll call was considered an illustration of the limits of power that the resurgent abortion-rights movement faces.	1
The Oil Pollution Act, scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall, would provide that if claimants aren't paid within 90 days of a spill, the liability fund would compensate them and seek reimbursement from the owner or operator of the vessel, says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller (D., Calif.), a sponsor of the bill.	The spokesman says the "glitch" in the statute is "the worst kind of Catch-22.	0
Now Mr. Gonzalez is holding the equivalent of reconfirmation hearings anyway, under the guise of the Lincoln investigation.	In a way, that's what this is.	0
Until 1980 it was a model developing nation.	The government built ports, bridges, highways, schools, hospitals and railways.	0
Meanwhile, Sotheby's guarantee is raising eyebrows in the art world.	The consumer has to throw out the idea that the auction house is a disinterested middleman.	1
The two said they must still do more laboratory tests, then experiment on animals.	They said they hoped to conduct tests on human patients in the U.S. by late next year.	0
If we wish to be serious about American education, we know exactly what to do -- and, just as important, what not to do.	There are many successful schools scattered throughout this nation, some of them in the poorest of ghettos, and they are all sending us the same message.	1
I add two others.	Republican Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania engaged the nominee in a verbal contest aimed at showing that Mr. Bork was willing to stretch the Constitution in one area (free speech) while remaining rigid in all the others.	0
According to chief scriptwriter Rene Villanueva, "Batibot" doesn't set out to advance the cause of Filipino.	It's not as if we're teaching language per se, We're just using it.	1
Judge Albert Green, in Cook County Circuit Court in Chicago, also recognized the suit, filed last May by Robert and Cynthia Langendorf, as a class action covering thousands of Irving customers.	The plaintiffs accused Irving of paying less interest than promised in a marketing brochure.	0
One can hardly overemphasize the importance of her rear end," Ms. Rose writes.	Ms. Rose quickly proceeds to overemphasize, claiming that Baker's dancing "had uncovered a new region for desire" and thereby ignoring centuries of tributes to the callipygous.	0
But the sponsors have an explanation.	Through the character associated with a snail," they say, "important values such as harmony with nature and aspirations for the future are sought.	0
However, the trust's cash flow from investments is far short of its payments to asbestos victims.	Its cash and liquid securities fell by $338 million in the first six months of 1989.	0
The United flight-attendants union agreed to negotiations that could lead to the flight attendants contributing concessions to a revived bid in exchange for an ownership stake.	The pilot union, the only one to support the buy-out thus far, said the flight attendants' decision "enforces our belief that an all-employee owned airline is practical and achievable.	0
and ratings could be hurt by a lack of live events.	All prime-time fare will be on tape-delay because of time differences with Norway, so the results can be announced on the 6 o'clock news.	1
This week was uneventful for the CD market.	The major banks haven't even reacted to sharp rises in the three-month Treasury bill rates" in the past two weeks.	1
IBM's visits to the debt market are closely watched by treasurers at other corporations and by credit market analysts.	Some analysts believe the company has the ability to pinpoint the trough in interest-rate cycles.	1
I have thus committed sufficient personal outlay to ensure that my grounds and lodgings will never be short of greens and flowers.	My initial stake in this blooming enterprise has grown tenfold, according to my conservative calculations.	0
the market was nervous ahead of a special B.A.T holders' meeting today.	The session is to consider a defensive plan to spin off assets to fend off Sir James Goldsmith's #13.4 billion bid for B.A.T.	1
Star States plunged 3 1/4 to 8 3/4 on 207,000 shares.	The company suffered a $9 million loss in the third quarter, compared with net of $2.5 million a year earlier.	1
On Oct. 21, it did a rendition of the kidnapping and imprisonment of Associated Press correspondent Terry Anderson, who was abducted in March 1985 and is believed to be held in Lebanon.	The production had actors playing Mr. Anderson and former hostages David Jacobsen, the Rev. Benjamin Weir and Father Lawrence Jenco.	0
One Board member, Bronx Borough President Ferdinand Ferrer, was said to be so impatient with Mr. Dinkins's behavior at many meetings that he withheld his support for Mr. Dinkins's mayoral effort until late in the primary campaign.	I had some problem from time to time on the length of time he would take to make up his mind.	1
it is difficult to make predictions based on yesterday's trading volume.	The advance felt more like a technical bounce.	1
The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism and Narcotics of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 8, 9, 10 and 11, 1988, and again on April 4, 1988.	It was during those hearings that the nation first learned the breadth and depth of Gen. Noriega's criminality, and of his enduring relationships with a variety of U.S. government agencies..Those hearings also highlighted how Gen. Noriega was able to use his relationships with these agencies to delay U.S. action against him, and to exploit the administration's obsession with overthrowing the Sandinistas to protect his own drug-dealing.	1
Next's decision to rely on the more-established hard drive in every Next computer doesn't signal a retreat from optical storage.	We're extremely committed to optical storage technology.	0
The President of the United States urged the Panamanian armed forces to move against Mr. Noriega.	When they did, his commanders didn't have the initiative to do more than block a couple of roads.	0
But in affidavits filed yesterday in the Los Angeles court, Mr. Ross, Warner Bros..Chairman Robert Daly and President Semel deny that such an oral agreement was ever made.	Warner, in its court filings, calls it "a piece of fiction created for this litigation.	0
Without some unexpected "coup de theatre", I don't see what will block the Paribas bid.	Mr. Fournier's biggest hope was to somehow persuade regulatory authorities to block the bid.	0
Sansui is a special case.	It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen.	1
The company also reassigned several executive responsibilities.	David Tagg, formerly in charge of gambling operations, was appointed chief executive for retailing and property.	0
Even at the Basic Chemicals, Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics Export Promotion Council, the government agency that promotes the seed, the psyllium boom is distant thunder.	The staff brags about psyllium's hefty contribution to American regularity, without quite grasping the implications of the research on cholesterol.	1
the big deficit reflects the slipping competitive position of British industry.	When the country gets wealthier, we tend to buy high-quality imports.	1
Surely the question is obvious.	With friends like Mr. Sohmer, do the feminists of Hollywood need enemies?.	0
Despite the big increases in health-care costs, wages still account for a far greater share of overall labor costs.	The overall private-sector employment cost index, which includes both wages and benefits, rose 4.7% in the 12 months ended in September, compared with 4.5% for both the 12 months ended in June and the 12 months ended September 1988.	1
it's very scrupulous with the contracts it hands out.	We're not interested in promoting every single product that comes along.	1
Haagen has its own large security force of well-trained and well-paid personnel on round-the-clock duty at each center.	Security is 60% to 70% of the common area charges of these centers, vs. an industry average of about 15%.	1
the bill is "good politics, but bad law.	It is ironic that at a time when America's partial airline deregulation is being emulated by governments from New Zealand to Ethiopia, so many in Congress favor an incumbent-protection program for airlines that would be more appropriate for the Soviet airline, Aeroflot.	0
But they don't careen around in an old Cadillac, wear funny suits or blast away at slimy spirits.	Mr. Baker drives a 1987 Chevy and usually wears a tweed jacket on his ghostbusting forays.	0
Fujitsu itself, which said the bid hadn't been approved by its headquarters, was clearly embarrassed.	The bid wasn't "socially acceptable.	1
FEAR OF AIDS hinders hiring at few hospitals.	Dedication runs high.	1
I hire transportation, and my customers have fresh cold cuts every day.	I don't subsidize anyone.	0
Most National Council members are themselves disabled or are parents of children with disabilities.	We know firsthand the discrimination addressed by the act: to be told there's no place for your child in school; to spend lonely hours at home because there is no transportation for someone in a wheelchair; to be denied employment because you are disabled.	1
the drug, called FK-506, could revolutionize the transplantation field by reducing harmful side effects and by lowering rejection rates.	Rejection has been the major obstacle in the approximately 30,000 organ transplants performed world-wide each year.	1
Mr. Eidsmo is one of several key people from outside the cycling industry who were hired to bring the free-wheeling, fast-growing company under tighter control.	We had a lot of problems.	1
Fiscal-year taxpayers with returns due last Monday won't be penalized if they file -- or request an extension -- and pay tax due by Nov. 15.	Excise-tax returns due by Oct. 31 or Nov. 30 may be delayed to Jan. 16.	0
its attempt to crack the $10 billion market for dynamic random access memory chips, a market dominated by the Japanese.	Those chips were in dire shortage last year.	1
There are times when she must show a little emotion.	She has TB, after all, and a weak-kneed lover.	1
The South was off 2% after the first nine months, while the North Central region was up 3%.	The Northeast and West regions were unchanged.	0
No non-competitive tenders will be accepted.	Tenders, available in minimum denominations of $1 million, must be received by noon EST today at Federal Reserve Banks or branches.	0
Among the most upbeat was BT Brokerage (Asia) Ltd.	the economy "shockproof.	0
Mr. Noriega, by now a lieutenant colonel, expanded his contacts to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis, the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking.	When U.S. diplomats complained to the CIA of Col. Noriega's moonlighting, intelligence experts always insisted that his allegiance was first to the Americans.	0
Deutsche Bank has actively sought a French acquisition for at least two years.	Lately, analysts say, Deutsche Bank has shocked some in the French financial community by indicating it wants a strong bank with a large number of branches.	0
Ultimately, that carefully picked jury deadlocked with a 10-2 vote to acquit, and the prosecution decided not to retry the case.	Litigation consulting had arrived.	0
For example, student loans currently attempt to subsidize college attendance and mitigate problems created by the fact that students' future earnings are not accepted as collateral.	The program provides highly subsidized loans to any student whose family earns less than a particular amount.	1
The political risk would be far less if the president drew a firm line and hewed to it.	If you have a position, you're better off to stick with it than to move around very much.	1
But in this case the needle has a very sharp point.	Though it's probably safe to assume that the majority of financial planners are honest and even reasonably competent, the fact remains that, as one wag puts it, "anybody who can fog a mirror" can call himself a financial planner.	1
Universities can now buy a Next computer without an optical storage device for $4,995.	A computer with the optical device will still cost $6,495, but from now on Next will outfit every computer with a hard drive and supply one at no cost to those who have already bought Next machines.	0
Consequently, the winnowing process was like a lottery "in which each group {held} a ticket unrelated to its anatomical virtues.	So much for survival of the fittest.	1
With three minutes left on the clock, Mr. Aikman takes the snap, steps back and fires a 21-yard pass -- straight into the hands of an Atlanta defensive back.	The crowd groans, Mr. Jones shakes his head, the Cowboys lose the game.	1
Cautious investors should generally go with stocks that have low betas.	Go with high-beta stocks to get the biggest payoff from a bet on a bull market.	0
that when he spoke out a few years ago, "I didn't say forever, and I didn't say every property.	The market changed.	0
The Big Board is considering reviving a curb on program trading when the market is volatile.	The exchange, which abandoned such a "collar" last year because it didn't prevent sharp price swings, has been under attack recently for not taking action against program trading.	1
They have a life of their own and can be counted on to look good and perform whenever a cast isn't up to either.	If a strike ever hits the Met, the company can still sell tickets to his "Boheme" and "Turandot.	1
Caltrans' Mr. Drago defended the agency's work on the Nimitz Freeway.	The work was done properly," he said.	0
Despite these challenges, Marks & Spencer sees big potential in Brooks Brothers, noting the widely recognized name and global presence.	Marks & Spencer plans to open roughly 18 more U.S. stores in the next five years.	1
The youthful audience for Saturday programming is no longer dependent on the networks.	There has been a surge in syndicated children's shows to independent stations, as well as competition from videocassettes for kids and from cable outlets such as Nickelodeon and the Disney Channel.	1
Hungary's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president.	The balloting to decide when and how to fill the position, which replaces a collective presidency under a pact signed by the ruling Socialists and opposition groups, is to be held Nov.	1
Separately, a federal judge hearing Mr. Hunt's bankruptcy case yesterday turned down a proposed $65.7 million settlement between Mr. Hunt and Minpeco S.A., another major creditor in the case.	The Peruvian minerals concern had been seeking a claim of $251 million against Mr. Hunt.	0
The segment is soon to be broadcast on the CBS News series "Saturday Night With Connie Chung," thus further blurring the distinction between fiction and reality in TV news.	It is the New Journalism come to television.	0
this comparison ignores the intensely claustrophobic nature of Mr. Glass's music.	Its supposedly austere minimalism overlays a bombast that makes one yearn for the astringency of neoclassical Stravinsky, the genuinely radical minimalism of Berg and Webern, and what in retrospect even seems like concision in Mahler.	1
many of the the imports unstylish and poorly made.	these imports haven't squeezed them.	1
The resistance lacks not only air power, armor and expertise but often such essentials as maps, mine detectors, or even winter gloves..Experienced resistance commanders wanted to use guerrilla action and siege tactics to wear down the regime..Instead, they were pressured by Pakistan's ISI, the channel for their support, into attacking Jalalabad..They took more than 25% casualties; journalists report that they faced minefields without mine detectors.	The wonder is not that the resistance has failed to topple the Kabul regime, but that it continues to exist and fight at all.	1
Other opponents of Filipino come from non-Tagalog regions.	They argue that their own languages should have equal weight.	1
This is America.	Nobody has the right to tell me how much I can work.	1
Varity Corp. led the Big Board list of largest short volumes with 12,822,563 shares.	Varity has proposed to acquire K-H Corp., consisting of the auto parts division and some debt of Fruehauf Corp., for $577.3 million of cash and securities.	1
If any nation can use environmentally benign architecture, it is Poland.	that perhaps a quarter of Poland's soil is too contaminated for safe farming because of air pollution.	1
Yet Sierra's hard-line stance has created something of a rift in the organization, which estimates that 17% of its 500,000 members own mountain bikes.	Pressure from these members prompted the club recently to soften its anti-bike rhetoric.	1
Recently, a contractor saved her from falling three stories as she investigated what remained of an old Victorian house torched by an arsonist.	I owe that contractor.	1
The import pie will shrink.	On the down side, sales could fall as much as 90% for some companies; on the upper side, sales will be flat.	1
Dow Jones climbed 5 3/4 to 41 on very heavy volume of 786,100 shares.	a big Japanese buy order was behind the rise.	0
Analysts hailed the sweetened pension package.	This tells you AT&T is serious about continuing to manage their cost structure.	1
It is interested in making some money advising industry on how to convert to a world without CFCs.	There is, after all, big money in environmentalism.	1
And ship lines carrying containers are also trying to raise their rates.	Carriers boosted rates more than 10% in the North Atlantic between the U.S. and Europe last September, hoping to partly restore rates to earlier levels.	0
There will be more emphasis on quality.	You'll see fewer gimmicks.	1
Earlier this month, another effort to choose a commissioner failed.	The owners meet again tomorrow.	1
But long-term Treasury bonds staged a modest rally, with prices on most issues rising about half a point, or $5 for each $1,000 face amount.	The dollar sagged against other major currencies in lethargic trading.	0
Rather than trying to "lecture us Mr. Krenz "wanted to listen.	he was particularly impressed by Mr. Krenz's ready admission that East Germany needed to change.	0
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent.	To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their financial backers realize that the congressional prisoner's dilemma game works to their disadvantage, the Republican Party will be hindered in its attempts to field a competitive slate of congressional candidates.	1
But first on the list of priorities is to prohibit state laws requiring the inclusion of specialty items, such as psychiatric care, in basic health plans.	Such requirements make it difficult to provide a basic, low-cost health-benefits package.	1
Walter M. Brady was named a senior vice president of this insurer in the Canadian head office.	He had been vice president in that office.	0
which anti-abortion forces had regarded as a key test of their ability to get state lawmakers to toughen abortion restrictions.	The session failed to enact any new curbs.	0
These A's, however, got few grades as low as B on their 1989 report card.	They led the Major Leagues in regular-season wins with 99 and flattened the Toronto Blue Jays four games to one for the American League pennant before stomping their cross-bay rivals.	1
that its board had approved "after an in-depth discussion," a letter to the Bank of Italy outlining measures the state-owned bank has taken or plans to take to improve controls on its foreign branches.	The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday.	1
The agency also concluded that LTV's financial status had improved while it was under reorganization.	In September 1987, it ordered LTV to reassume liability and funding for the three original plans.	1
Gerald Ford, a fairly down-to-earth fellow, once sent a letter to the chairman of the Armed Services Committee recommending that "there be a committee investigation of the UFO phenomenon.	we owe it to the American people to establish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on the subject.	1
The union also ceded the 2% commission it had received on all Pemex maintenance contracts.	The union will keep a 2% commission on construction projects.	0
that the risks and returns of junk bonds are less than on common stocks but more than on investment-grade bonds.	The junk market is no bonanza as Drexel claimed, but it also isn't a disaster as the doomsayers say.	0
People change, teams change.	It's easier to get worse than better in this game.	0
But that won't suffice.	It's no longer enough to beat the guy down the street.	1
Casino revenues and hotel occupancy rates are high.	Last year, the tourists left $3 billion with the area's casinos, nearly 10% more than in 1987.	0
Hess's earnings were up despite a $30 million charge to cover the cost of maintaining operations after Hurricane Hugo heavily damaged the company's refinery at St. Croix.	that Hess had to buy oil products in the high-priced spot markets to continue supplying its customers.	0
The company could command a good price in the market.	Over the past three and a half years, apparel companies, many of whom have strong brand names, have been bought at about 60% of sales.	1
As president, Mr. Lung, 42 years old, succeeds his father, Mervin D. Lung, 66, who founded the company in 1959.	Mervin Lung remains chairman and chief executive officer.	0
British government bonds were little changed as investors awaited an address on economic policy by John Major, the new Chancellor of the Exchequer.	Britain's benchmark 11 3/4% bond due 2003/2007 rose 2/32 to 111 1/2 to yield 10.14% while the 11 3/4% notes due 1991 were unchanged at 98 21/32 to yield 12.95%.	0
Under the rules, traders decide before a session begins whether they will trade for their own account or for customers.	Traders who stand on the pit's top step, where most customer orders are executed, can't trade for themselves.	0
One advantage that federal officials have in handling earthquake relief is the large number of military facilities in the San Francisco Bay area.	Even before the full extent of the devastation was known, Defense Secretary Dick Cheney ordered the military services to set up an emergency command center in the Pentagon and prepare to respond to various FEMA requests for assistance.	0
While many of these buildings sustained heavy damage, little of that involved major structural damage.	City building codes require construction that can resist temblors.	1
Burlington's operating profit grew to $9.2 million from $3.8 million a year earlier.	While "the tone" of domestic and international air-freight markets remains sound, seasonal factors are likely to hinder Burlington Air from matching third-quarter results in the fourth quarter.	0
But knowing that mechanics would probably ground him for repairs, Mr. Brown skipped his stop in nearby Chicago and set course to get his load -- a few hundred parcels -- to the Memphis package-sorting hub on time.	Had he been a little less gung-ho, "I'd have gotten the thing on the ground and headed for the nearest bar.	0
Having more than a token presence here should enhance communications and business relationships.	Since the cost of transporting gas is so important to producers' ability to sell it, it helps to have input and access to transportation companies.	1
the intelligence committees can exercise influence over its interpretation.	Last week, Central Intelligence Agency Director William Webster publicly called on Congress to provide new interpretations of the assassination order that would permit the U.S. more freedom to act in coups.	1
hedging related to the TVA pricing also pressured Treasury bonds.	Underwriters of the TVA bonds reduced their market risk by selling Treasurys to cover at least part of their {TVA} holdings.	0
By contrast, European firms will spend $150 million this year on electronic security.	Already many foreign firms, especially banks, have their own cryptographers.	0
Once inside, she spends nearly four hours measuring and diagramming each room in the 80-year-old house, gathering enough information to estimate what it would cost to rebuild it.	She snaps photos of the buckled floors and the plaster that has fallen away from the walls.	0
net income was 17 cents a share in the third quarter, compared with 16 cents a share a year earlier.	Rainbow's stock dropped 2 to 14 1/4.	1
He often groans at the "clutter" of sports stories about drugs, alcohol, gambling and some player's lament "about the miserly millions he is offered to play the game.	His morning paper, the Washington Post, even carries a sports column called "Jurisprudence" that recounts the latest arrests and convictions of players and team managers.	0
Even so, the trust would seem to be facing a cash crunch.	As of June 30, it had settled only about 15,000 of the 81,000 received claims from asbestos victims, for an average of $40,424 each.	1
You're telling someone they can spend the next three or four or five or six years of their life bringing about the most difficult and costly modernization of an information system on the civil side ever.	On the comptroller side, you're developing and making work financial controls governing a $6 billion budget.	0
Many members feel there are important features of the House bill that should be enacted.	If there is any support for reducing the bill, it is conditioned on their desire to see them passed in another form.	1
And, with many of his 70,000 workers, Mr. Smith's damn-the-torpedoes attitude has caught on.	James Cleveland, a courier who earned a Bravo Zulu for figuring out how to get a major customer's 1,100-parcel-a-week load to its doorstep by 8 a.m., considers himself far more than a courier.	0
I don't subsidize anyone.	Everyone around me lives well.	1
Books and software everywhere.	This being typed in a standing position.	0
that these instruments present added risks for investors.	If the futures markets have a problem, then those products could have a problem.	1
Separately, Moody's Investors Service Inc. downgraded the ratings of American Medical's senior and subordinated debt issues and those of its international affiliate.	The downgrade anticipates completion of the IMA Holdings acquisition today.	1
When his wife, Betsy, came down the aisle on their wedding day in 1966, Mr. Engelken -- no slouch on the romantic front -- gave her the ultimate compliment: "You look prettier than Bobby Thomson's home run.	The couple's first dog, Homer, was named after the Great Event.	0
Under a 1981 Missouri law, persons accused of some crimes, including trespassing, may offer a defense that their actions were justified "as an emergency measure to avoid an imminent public or private injury.	Relying on the preamble's statement that a fetus is an unborn child, the two St. Louis County Circuit Court judges in August accepted the justification that the abortion clinic protesters were trying to save lives.	1
At best, demonstrations are overused and boringly uninformative.	at worst, they can become the stimuli that lead to law breaking.	0
While people within Daiwa, particularly internationalists, expected that Mr. Dozen, 52, would eventually become Daiwa's president, the speed of his promotion surprised many.	It was only earlier this year that the jovial, easygoing executive was appointed deputy president.	1
A quake that measures two on the Richter isn't twice as severe as a "one" -- it's 10 times worse.	A "three" is 10 times 10 again, and so on.	0
Other tax benefits probably will be restored and created.	The main obstacle is finding a way to pay for them.	0
The Sandinistas of Nicaragua, for example, also are part of the Castro-Medellin cartel nexus.	he has not made that intellectual leap.	0
Even print-shop operator Clay Smith of Naperville won't discard his old supply.	He reports his business is up slightly from customers replacing old stock.	0
Finding pension funds and other sources willing to invest is a high priority.	A theme of the Urban Land conference will be `take a pension fund manager to lunch.	1
Scientists have isolated a molecule that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system, ranging from organ-transplant rejection, to allergies and asthma.	The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor, which directs the growth and function of white blood cells.	0
STOCK PRICES SWUNG wildly as the market reacted to an initial plunge by UAL shares, followed by a sharp rebound in the afternoon.	The Dow Jones industrials, down over 80 points in the morning, closed off 3.69, at 2659.22.	0
Esso, a unit of Imperial Oil Ltd. which is 71%-owned by Exxon Corp., will be allowed to export 5.1 trillion cubic feet to the U.S. in the 20-year period.	Shell, a subsidiary of Royal Dutch/Shell Group, will be allowed to export 0.9 trillion cubic feet.	0
that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground, punching all the air out of it, rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer.	It was the most exercise we'd had all morning.	0
This change comes less from a shift in public opinion than in the boundaries of the debate.	New Jersey's own highest court remains a liberal bulwark against major restrictions on abortion, but the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, Webster vs..Missouri, has engaged voters across the nation who had been insulated from the issue.	1
In the first nine months, net rose 21% to $93 million, or $4.52 a share, from $77 million, or $3.62 a share a year ago.	Sales rose 13% to $1.91 billion from $1.69 billion.	0
His company, Misa Manufacturing Inc., was forced to seek protection from creditors under federal bankruptcy law in 1987 and has since been liquidated.	Monthly sales of his Egg King machine have sunk to about half a dozen from a peak of 75.	0
One of them, 25-year-old Markus Hess of Hannover, allegedly used the international telecommunications network to break into more than 30 high-security computers in the U.S., searching for secrets.	He probably didn't penetrate any top-secret files, but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates, Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski, $15,000 for some of the material Hess collected.	1
Then, in 1988, a proposal to keep better track of income by selling prepaid cards for pachinko was fielded in parliament.	The proposal split the industry in two, along the lines of national origin: North Koreans oppose the plan while South Koreans, Japanese and Taiwanese accept it or are neutral.	0
Mr. Steinhardt also could take that route.	He confers big trading commissions on Wall Street firms.	1
The new U.S. package also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports.	It would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily.	0
Della Femina had billings of just $660 million last year and ranked as the U.S.'s 24th-largest ad agency.	The merged company that it now becomes part of will have billings of just more than $2.6 billion -- most of that in Europe -- bringing it to about 14th world-wide.	0
This is the type of fire insurance you only buy when the nearby woods are on fire.	but you don't always feel the need for your investments to be insured.	1
After six months on the run, Mr. Chan learned the order for his arrest had been canceled.	He rejoined his family in January 1984 and began the long struggle for justice, pressing everyone from Hanoi municipal officials to National Assembly deputies for restoration of his rights.	1
We're looking at the leverage factor every day.	At some point, if we are unable to cover our leveraged cost we're going to have to make a move.	1
The average cost for breakfast at a "decent" hotel restaurant in New York is $17.12, according to Corporate Travel magazine.	The cheapest, among 100 cities surveyed, was $5.11 in El Paso, Texas.	0
The New York City issue included $757 million of tax-exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50% to 7.88%, depending on the maturity.	The $56 million of New York's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125% to 9.90%.	0
Mr. Maynard's forces finally defeated the measure, though it took a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives to do it.	Even then, opponents managed to get a congressional hearing to examine what one congressman called an "unscrupulous" method for breaking eggs.	0
When he bought the team, only six of the suites had been sold.	Today, 30 have.	0
the new district lines will be drawn to maximize the number of solidly minority districts.	Blacks and Hispanics currently make up 38% of the city's population and hold only 25% of the seats on the council.	0
A big pension-insurance case will be reviewed by the Supreme Court.	The justices agreed to decide whether federal insurers can require LTV to take back responsiblilty for funding its $2.3 billion pension shortfall.	0
But some time ago, researchers discovered that soluble fibers also lower cholesterol levels in the blood.	Cincinnati-based P&G took an interest.	1
but questioning whether the company can survive in a highly competitive marketplace.	It's a wait-and-see attitude.	1
Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from (a) Marxist devaluation of environmental resources, which are not produced by labor; (b) planned economies' inability to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned and penalties are paid by the government; and (c) the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development, producing a far heavier and more wasteful use of energy and natural resources than in the West.	They repeatedly noted that environmental progress could not be secured without true ownership, genuine competition based on market factors, and the risk of bankruptcy if a business makes the wrong decisions.	0
That sort of approach, however, hasn't worked since the addition of Tiger.	Its 6,500 workers, who had battled Tiger's management for years over givebacks, were union members until the day of the merger, when most of their unions were automatically decertified.	1
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5%, the highest rate in Europe, although actual joblessness may be lower..Housing is scarce and public services -- the court system, schools, mail service, telephone network and the highways -- are in disgraceful condition.	Large pockets of poverty still exist.	0
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China.	In return, he has the government's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country.	1
everyday pricing in the current environment doesn't work.	Sears is likely to be unsuccessful if it continues with its pricing policy when everyone else is offering unusual values.	1
For the paper industry specifically the deal will spur a wave of paper-company takeovers, possibly involving such companies as Union Camp Corp., Federal Paperboard Co. and Mead Corp.	that Georgia-Pacific's offer, the first hostile bid ever among major players in the paper industry, ends the unwritten taboo on hostile bids, and will push managements to look closely at the industry's several attractive takeover candidates.	1
It was a time when interest rates came down very rapidly.	Yields on five-year CDs at major banks were averaging about 7.45%, and 10-year Treasury notes were paying less than 8%.	0
The chancellor sometimes has used the occasion to announce major economic policy changes.	Economists don't expect any such changes in this year's address.	0
For some time, we had forecast negative third- and fourth-quarter growth.	We pulled that forecast.	0
The presence of Unilever and P&G is likely to increase the impact of advertising on cosmetics.	While the two are among the world's biggest advertisers, most makers of upscale cosmetics spend relatively little on national ads.	1
In making Malcolm and Nora such wonderfully representative specimens of their class and generation, Ms. Zeidner has somewhat neglected the task of making them distinctively individual characters.	The humor of the story owes much to the fact that no hearts (even the characters' own) are likely to bleed for the plight of health-food eaters.	1
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 505-455, with 172 unchanged.	The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the first section, which gained 41.76 Tuesday, was up 0.24 points, or 0.01%, at 2642.88.	0
the prose is closer to Balzac's "Pere Goriot" than it is to "Arabian Nights.	Mr. Mahfouz began writing when there was no novelistic tradition in Arabic, and he modeled his work on Western classics.	1
Universities, however, say Next's prices must go even lower before large numbers of students purchase the machine.	We'd still like to see a student model," priced at about $3,500, said Ronald Johnson, director of academic computing at Minnesota's Gustavus Adolphus College.	0
His successor approved the $1 price in the process of clearing the backed-up papers on his desk.	When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974, it was priced at $10 a share (and reached $1 billion in assets in one year.	0
I still think we will have a 3000 Dow.	We're doing a little buying" in some stocks "that have really been smashed down.	1
Short-term rates rose yesterday.	The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills rose to 7.56% from 7.51% Wednesday, while the rate on six-month bills rose to 7.57% from 7.53%.	0
When you look at the economics, Traub needs a Japanese and a European partner to make it work.	Looking only at a narrow American strategy isn't where it's at.	0
Democrats had been negotiating with some Republican congressional leaders on a compromise lately.	With congressional elections next year, GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum-wage rise for low-paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital-gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers.	1
It made my shoelaces dance with terror.	Why, he used to lay in wait for Cap; suddenly he'd leap from behind some statue of Marshall onto Cap's chest and grab him by the throat and choke him till he coughed up an additional $2 billion or so.	1
that their substitute is a system that produces an absurd gridlock.	The lawyers are now in charge of our national security.	1
Mr. Asman should make distinctions among Fidel, the army and the Cuban people.	They are not interchangeable.	1
but it's hard to see much impact on the dollar.	The dollar is still highly volatile.	0
Nobody knows how deep the cycle is going to be.	Depending on how far down you go, it may be difficult to pay off that debt.	1
that "you don't buy {gold stocks} based on powerful fundamentals.	In addition to having high price-earnings ratios, most pay puny dividends, if any.	1
SsangYong will sell about 18,000 of its models this year, twice as many as last year.	It sees sales rising 45% to 26,000 units next year.	0
Nashua's "intention is to remain an independent public company.	it amended its shareholder rights plan by reducing to 10% from 20% the level of ownership by an outsider that would trigger the issuance to other holders of rights to buy additional shares of Nashua common at half price.	1
Roads and bridges in the Bay area appear to have suffered some of the most costly damage.	Highways generally don't have insurance coverage.	0
DDB Needham's office building may have sustained structural damage.	All operations have stopped.	1
The 650-or-so local whites who aren't Orange Workers are more troubled.	Try as they might, they just can't conceive of life without black workers.	1
Still, for those with a long-term eye on the vast U.S. retail market, this is a tempting time to look for bargains.	Britain's B.A.T Industries PLC is trying to unwind its U.S. retailing operations, which include such well-known stores as Saks Fifth Avenue, Marshall Field's, Breuners and Ivey's.	1
and in fact it's a killer.	It should be treated like the Medellin {drug} mafia, not the Founding Fathers.	1
No longer.	When the Supreme Court opened the door this year to new restrictions on abortion, Ms. Ehman opened her mind to Democratic politics.	1
Mr. Gould finds this oddly exhilarating.	like an existentialist of old, he views our contingency as "a source of both freedom and consequent moral responsibility.	1
Nor should the U.S. worry much about offending China.	It's time the State Department recognized that China does not play by gentlemen's rules.	1
a thorough study of dozens of its games including its notorious whippings of the grandmasters Bent Larsen of Denmark and Robert Byrne of the U.S.	Mr. Kasparov was underwhelmed.	0
At that price, CBS was the only player at the table when negotiations with the International Olympic Committee started in Toronto Aug. 23.	that ABC and NBC had refused to even bid.	0
Locally elected school boards, especially in our larger cities, become the prey of ambitious, generally corrupt, and invariably demagogic local politicians or would-be politicians.	New York is in the process of trying to disengage itself from a 20-year-old commitment to this system of school governance.	1
Members of the audience gasped or laughed nervously.	their industry has been unsettled recently by acquisitions.	1
especially since there aren't any competing bids.	Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis hasn't shown signs of pursuing a $300-a-share back-up bid he made last month.	1
when the EPA was harshly criticized for failing to yank the possible carcinogen, a growth regulator used to make apples redder and crunchier.	The agency has since acted to remove Alar from the nation's grocery shelves by May 31, 1991, and the apple industry has said that growers already have stopped using the chemical.	1
Last Thursday, Merrill Lynch securities analyst Peter Falco downgraded his investment rating on the firm, according to Dow Jones Professional Investors Report, citing a slowdown in the credit-reporting business.	He cut his rating to a short-term hold from above-average performer.	0
For travelers, though, the industry's problems have had some positive effects.	In recent weeks, airlines have cut numerous fares in leisure markets to try to win back customers.	1
the merger will result in a "larger and stronger locally based bank.	We'll be able to better compete with large foreign banks.	1
He also had to fight harder for credibility than his partner did.	Barbra Streisand made him famous.	1
they nevertheless don't expect serious problems for commerce in and out of the Bay area.	All major roadways except Interstate 880 and the Bay Bridge were open by 1 p.m. yesterday.	1
But, so far, the change of scenery hasn't ended his string of bad breaks.	Mr. Maynard recently fell from a horse and fractured his arm.	1
following the postponement of a $1.4 billion junk-bond offering that would have permitted Coniston Partners to complete its takeover of the company.	it would pursue "various financing alternatives.	1
that the latest decisions are having a chilling effect.	It has made people think twice about how they use music and is forcing them to be more circumspect about doing a particular rendition of a song in its most famous form.	1
Politics has essentially put up a roadblock" to finding sites for new federal prisons.	Without more space to incarcerate convicted criminals we will not win the war on drugs.	0
Evidently, somebody has realized it's easy money to steal these things.	Just last week, would-be thieves damaged three Sagos at Mr. Whitelock's home in the Eagle Rock section before something frightened them off, foiled.	0
and Mr. Krisher avoided jail.	He was sentenced to 500 hours of community service and restitution to the museum of $45,000.	0
he couldn't explain their sudden bullishness.	I don't know of any news or anything unusual happening here.	1
For example, infertile couples who have the woman's eggs fertilized in the test tube usually have several eggs fertilized at a time.	When the fertilized cells divide to eight cells, a single cell from each embryo can be tested for genetic defects.	0
The issue here may be the soundness of the guarantee.	Prepayments, much like mutual-fund purchases, are pooled for investment.	1
Lloyd's is being squeezed out of low-margin but more consistently profitable product lines such as primary property and marine insurance.	Over the past decade, competitors have chipped away at the exchange's share of the #2.5 billion marine market in London, where half the world's ships are insured.	0
The broadcasting unit reported operating profit of $134.9 million, up 18% from the year-earlier $114.3 million.	Publishing reported operating profit was $33.3 million, nearly flat with the year-before $33 million.	0
None of the problems is necessarily fatal, and they aren't all necessarily even related.	There are also other factors at work that are outside IBM's control, such as currency exchange rates.	0
We've been selling a disproportionate share of cyclical companies and buying a disproportionate share of high earnings stocks.	He recently trimmed his portfolio of International Paper, Dow Chemical, Quantum Chemical, International Business Machines and Digital Equipment.	0
Benson & Hedges has been one of its most high-visibility campaigns, as well as one of its largest clients.	The account billed almost $60 million last year, according to Leading National Advertisers.	0
with P&G continuing to win market share in Japan's diaper and detergent markets.	P&G's Always sanitary napkin, sold under the Whisper name in Japan, has firmly established itself as a leading brand.	0
Lone Star's Bond Corp. parent, for instance, hails from Perth, Australia..North Carolinians, New Yorkers, Californians, Chicagoans and Ohioans own Texas banks.	All kinds of landmark Texas real estate has been snapped up by out-of-staters.	0
It would create 38,000 local day-care commissions, answerable to the Department of Health and Human Services.	They'd determine where parents could store their kids during the day, and they'd regulate the storage facilities.	0
Some jumbos posted fractional changes in average yields this week, both up and down.	The average yield on threemonth jumbos rose to 8.00% from 7.96%, while the two-year average fell by the same amount to 7.89%.	0
My universe has changed.	I'm enjoying my life and who I am today.	0
capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system" for health.	They hope they can buy some government cost discipline," but this is a false hope.	1
If a client needs prejudiced jurors, the firm will help find them.	We don't control the facts..They are what they are.	1
For Mips big-name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company's RISC architecture.	The thing it says about Mips is that they're on a roll right now.	1
The program now works on all Hewlett-Packard and Apollo workstations and on computers made by Multiflow Computer Inc. of Branford, Conn.	it will sell versions later next year that run on Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp. machines.	0
Japanese "salarymen" usually share large, common tables and rely heavily on old-fashioned personal contact.	Top Japanese executives often make decisions based on consensus and personal relationships rather than complex financial projections and fancy presentations.	0
But it isn't clear that banks would lend sufficient money to deliver a big enough price to shareholders.	The lack of any new cash probably would still leave the banks dissatisfied.	1
Michael Grobstein, 46 years old, was named vice chairman for planning, marketing and industry services, a new post.	Mr. Grobstein had been a vice chairman of Ernst & Whinney, an accounting firm that merged with rival Arthur Young in July to form Ernst & Young, a major accounting, tax and management consulting firm.	0
The recent bids for United and American Airlines have led Congress to move with supersonic speed to protect incumbent airline managements.	The House is scheduled to vote today on an anti-airline-takeover bill that would block, for up to 50 days, any bid for 15% or more of a U.S. airline, even a straight cash purchase.	1
Such an embarrassment of riches was inconceivable to the man who discovered the Burgess Shale, one Charles Doolittle Walcott.	The received Darwinian wisdom of the day said that animals living so long ago must be simple in design, limited in scope and ancestral to contemporary species.	1
and Institut Merieux S.A. of France has made a rival bid of C$942 million.	The University is seeking an injunction against the Merieux bid.	0
As in the Oct. 13 massacre, yesterday morning's drop was triggered by bad news for speculators in UAL.	A UAL statement after the market closed Monday indicated that the airline's board wanted to keep the company independent, effectively crushing hopes of an immediate buy-out.	0
that the selling of cyclical stocks yesterday will be followed by a sell-off in shares of companies with big debt loads on their balance sheets.	In an economic slowdown, heavy debt loads reduce the flexibility of companies.	1
Everyone else is going to catch up" with Nissan's innovative designs.	Nissan's pace of new-model hits will slow just as arch-rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars.	0
Wells Fargo & Co. said its Emergency Operations Committee moved its global-funds transfer system to El Monte, Calif., 500 miles to the south.	Only five of 496 branches statewide remain closed, while 23 of 600 automated-teller machines remained out of order.	0
Make sure you have a strong personnel department.	It must be able to handle most of the complaints that cannot be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates, else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases.	1
The cancellation bodes poorly for a company already beset with an identity crisis exacerbated by the retirement of general director Beverly Sills and the amazing appointment of Christopher Keene as her successor after his years of feckless toiling in the pit.	it is nearly impossible to recapture subscribers once they have had time to ponder their entertainment choices.	1
However flawed and short-lived Joseph Pilsudski's interwar republic, it was a nonsocialist democracy.	Czech reformers can recall the Wilsonian ideals of the same period in their country.	0
Its relationship with parent General Electric Co. had been frayed since a big Kidder insider-trading scandal two years ago.	Chief executives and presidents had come and gone.	0
For the nine months, American Express said net rose 11% to $899.8 million, or $2.09 a share, from $807.5 million, or $1.89 a share.	Revenue rose 24% to $18.73 billion from $15.09 billion.	0
You are mad because he's making so much money," say President Reagan's defenders.	No, we ought to be mad because he has demeaned the office we gave him, enlisting it in the service of private gain, just as we ought to be mad that public officials lie through their teeth, play disingenuous games about their activities or, to steal a phrase, make public service a private trough.	0
The company sells image.	Its current ad campaign doesn't even show its underwear products, but rather men like Christopher Reeve, star of the "Superman" movies, talking about their lingerie turn-ons.	0
My questions on this subject at a recent meeting at the World Resources Institute with representatives of the National Resource Development Commission, the Environmental Protection Agency, Friends of the Earth, etc. were greeted with derision and some mumbled comments about that report being discredited.	When I expressed amazement that no one was undertaking a more current and credible UV-B study, I was urged to get back to the agenda topic, which was, ironically, a schedule for getting rid of HCFCs, the so-called soft CFCs that are such an important part of the CFC substitution scenario.	0
Ralph Brown was 31,000 feet over Minnesota when both jets on his Falcon 20 flamed out.	At 18,000 feet he and his co-pilot "were looking for an interstate or a cornfield" to land.	1
They focused on chromosome 17.	For months the Johns Hopkins researchers, using gene probes, experimentally crawled down the length of chromosome 17, looking for the smallest common bit of genetic material lost in all tumor cells.	1
To stem speculation, Beijing imposed ceiling prices that went into effect earlier this year.	Traders who had bought the goods at prices above the ceiling don't want to take a loss on resales and are holding onto their stock.	1
The computers find all the key words they can, but the editors confirm every one.	Computer picking isn't perfect.	1
In addition to Unocal's 153,000 barrel-a-day refinery near Lemont, Ill., the new venture would control 17 distribution terminals, a lubricating-oil blending and packaging plant, and 131 company-owned Unocal service stations.	the venture, expected to take control of the facilities Dec. 1, would also serve another 3,300 independent Unocal gasoline stations.	0
Many American church-owned businesses, such as a $30 million factory to build fishing vessels, are defunct.	Some components of the American church had their budgets cut in half last year and again this year.	0
Poland is the second Communist nation to recognize the Seoul government.	South Korea established diplomatic relations with Hungary in February 1989.	1
Japan is not a political country.	It is a bureaucratic country.	0
Seiko Epson Corp., a newcomer to the industry, fought off a legal challenge and started selling NEC clones last year..It has won about 15% of the retail PC market.	Sony Corp., which temporarily dropped out of the PC business three years ago, started selling its work station in 1987 and quickly became the leading Japanese company in that market.	0
And until last Friday, it seemed those efforts were starting to pay off.	Some of those folks were coming back.	1
Former Rep. Robert Bauman, a Maryland Republican who lost his seat in 1980 after he was caught soliciting sex from a 16-year-old boy, has never regained his professional footing as a lawyer.	he was deserted by the right wing.	1
What managers really fear is that the pro-union movement could spread beyond the pilots.	Under federal transportation law, a government mediator is attempting to reconcile the melding of Tiger's job classifications into Federal's..Depending on the outcome, the merged company may face union elections this fall among airplane mechanics, ramp workers, stock clerks and flight dispatchers.	1
That would give the Pentagon flexibility that no other federal agency has.	It's simply a way of making the cuts less onerous for defense than they are for domestic programs.	0
the futures market has shown itself to be resilient in two recent tests.	While Asian markets struggled to cope with the uncertainty caused by the Oct. 13 plunge in New York stock prices, futures trading in Hong Kong was relatively heavy and went smoothly..That was also the case in the days following the June 4 massacre in Beijing, which caused a sharp drop in Hong Kong stock prices.	0
The predicament was similar to the Hong Kong 1982-83 property-price collapse, which exposed the involvement of Bank Bumiputra's former subsidiary in the colony in the largest banking scandal in Malaysia's history.	The subsidiary, Bumiputra Malaysia Finance Ltd., was left with M$2.26 billion in bad loans made to Hong Kong property speculators.	1
traders now routinely check the futures markets in Chicago before they buy or sell stocks.	When Chicago futures prices jump up or down, the New York Stock Exchange follows.	1
Your Investment Dartboard article misses the target.	The fact that stock pickers have bested a randomly selected portfolio in eight of 12 months has no bearing on the efficient-market theory.	1
Kidder made an abrupt about-face on program trading yesterday.	Just a week ago, Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder, the most active index-arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year.	1
that Boston Safe Deposit "has taken some actions to better control asset-liability management and improve controls in general.	As some securities mature and the proceeds are reinvested, the problems ought to ease.	1
The scope of the improvement in the U.S. business caught some analysts by surprise.	The company's domestic business has performed poorly for years.	1
GPA is indeed talking about leasing Western planes to Aeroflot and even about buying Soviet-built Tupolev 204s.	Aer Lingus is in discussions with the Soviet carrier about a cargo venture and other possibilities.	0
It isn't just exercise gear that isn't getting a good workout.	The fitness craze itself has gone soft.	0
But I feel that if somebody doesn't get up and start talking about this now, the next time around, when we have the next iteration of these programs, it will still be true that everyone is scared to talk about it.	No politician wants to say what I just said, not for a minute.	1
You think you can go out and turn things around.	It's a tough thing when you can't.	1
because their employer has yet to settle with either on new contracts.	That gives them both the threat of a strike and the ability to resist any wage concessions that may be necessary to make a transaction work.	1
As Brooks Brothers jumps into the fashion fray, it will be playing catch up.	Many clothiers, especially Ralph Lauren, have cashed in on the recent popularity of updated Ivy League and English styles.	1
Critics on the left and right have been calling for all sorts of revisions to the measure for years.	A report by the staff of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress released yesterday concluded, "It is misleading to make this change without adjusting for other changes.	0
It freezes the budget at its current level, and forces the Pentagon to eat the effects of inflation until 1994.	This reduces the baseline by $229 billion.	1
The legislation establishes two enterprise funds which will make loans and investments in new business ventures in Hungary and Poland.	The Polish fund would be seeded with $160 million, the Hungarian fund with $40 million.	0
It had hemorrhaged in its attempt to get into Asia, where treaty restrictions forced it to fly some planes half-empty on certain routes..On routes to South America, the company had no backup jets to ensure delivery when planes were grounded.	In Europe, business suffered as Federal bought several local companies, only to have the managers quit.	0
trying to pin down the economist.	He doesn't fully succeed.	0
We have the worst lease in the NFL.	We're in a metro area with millions of Bear fans, and only a small number can be accommodated.	1
things here are quite peaceful.	A lot of car alarms went off.	0
There's some price at which we'd stop bidding.	He wouldn't specify what it was.	0
the market's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock-index arbitrage.	Much of the instability in stock prices lately has been blamed on arbitrage trading.	1
Meanwhile, the New Environmentalists systematically opposed the methods of the Old Environmentalists.	Local pollution problems require cheap energy and capital for their solution..But the New Environmentalists oppose private wealth creation (which, they claim, depletes natural resources) and nuclear power (even though it would counteract the greenhouse effect.	0
For now, defense attorneys are tight-lipped about their plans.	As we go in for the third time, Yogi Berra's famous line is apt: `It's deja vu all over again.	0
there is a clear economic case against it.	Opponents of the increase argue that the IMF practices central planning while supporting ineffective governments.	0
For now, traders say the foreign exchange market is scrutinizing both federal funds and events on Wall Street.	They note that the dollar remains extremely vulnerable to the slightest bad news from the stock exchange.	0
The team trimmed more than two months from the cycle time previously required to develop comparable proposals.	The team eliminated the crisis mentality that proposal deadlines can generate.	0
Another solution is for firms to use convertible bonds that sell at a discount.	they wouldn't fall under the junk-bond category that would lose its deductibility.	1
As a Channel Islander, I was amazed to see my birthplace listed as one of "86 countries with an income tax.	Despite a history of heated local debate on the topic, my passport clearly reads "British citizen.	1
Mr. Wilbur concentrated his formidable artistry on rendering the Alexandrine French verse into sprightly and theatrical English iambic pentameter.	The Wilbur translation is remarkable -- well worth a read and even better seen in the theater if you ever have the opportunity.	0
President Reagan was simply doing what he had always done before his election.	He was performing for pay.	0
It's a horrible machine, actually.	I'm ashamed I own the stupid thing.	1
and asked Mr. Evans to stay on.	Mr. Evans told the board he needed the weekend to think about it.	0
In another approach, tiny Iverson Technology is trying to resume its growth by braving the new world of commercial products.	he hopes the company can eventually get up to half of its revenue from commercial markets.	0
his relationship with Guber Peters was "one of the most successful I've had in Hollywood.	The two "have a wonderful chemistry -- Jon is very impulsive, and Peter is very compulsive.	1
New York State law prohibits insurance brokerages from deriving more than 10% of revenue from insuring affiliated companies.	Helmsley's insurance division had slightly exceeded that percentage but the division wasn't considered significant enough to the company to be restructured, particularly at a difficult time for the firm.	0
Stocks of California-based thrifts also were hard hit.	Great Western Financial lost 1 1/8 to 20 1/2 on 1.6 million shares, Golden West Financial dropped 1 1/4 to 28 1/2 and H.F. Ahmanson dipped 5/8 to 21 1/4.	0
Litigation consulting is highly manipulative.	The notion they try to sell is that juries don't make decisions rationally.	0
But it never did let up on the pressure.	Until recently, a farmer with no heir had to will the state his land to collect his pension.	0
to abolish the units.	the strike-force lawyers will work more efficiently under the supervision of U.S. attorneys.	1
But you can't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight.	He believes in what he plays, and he plays superbly.	0
the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $600 million a year.	Friday's auction will be limited to $150 million disbursed by the Central Bank to potential investors.	0
Analysts and corporate officials said they expected practically no long-term disruption in shipments from the Valley of either hardware or software goods.	Intel Corp., Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and National Semiconductor Corp. were all up and running yesterday.	0
The business turned faster than expected.	Costs are giving them a little bit of trouble, and the whole industry is having a pricing problem.	1
their clients can no longer afford their services.	The trial of the case lasted seven months.	1
Senior members of the House Budget Committee are reduced in frustration to raising doomed parliamentary obstacles to individual bills, yet admit that much of the disorder now stems from the fiscal legerdemain associated with their own summit agreement with the White House this past spring.	It's hard to get the administration's attention on anything," said Rep. Bill Frenzel (R., Minn.), "because the whole agreement was built on gimmickry.	0
Utilities are a classic example.	Even in recessions, people continue to use electric power, water and gas at a fairly steady rate.	1
We don't like the Congress (I).	The Congress government is taking the farmers' bread and not giving us any support.	1
It turned out to be lucky for us.	If the whole market thinks what you're doing is crazy you don't have much competition.	1
Mr. Noriega's relationship to American intelligence agencies became contractual in either 1966 or 1967.	His commanding officer at the Chiriqui Province garrison, Major Omar Torrijos, gave him an intriguing assignment: Mr. Noriega would organize the province's first intelligence service.	0
Worse, Salomon's timing had been off.	Its profits, unlike Phibro's, soared over the next two years, and had it held out, Salomon could have gotten an even bigger bundle.	1
It's a further step to better returns in the hemorrhaging defense business.	They had to do it.	1
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas, Coke has been able to improve bottlers' efficiency and production, and in some cases, marketing.	Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country.	0
The robberies also have set off a controversy involving the airlines.	Agents say airlines, which track ticket numbers of all stolen tickets, should be doing more to catch the thieves by confiscating the tickets when they're used. "They have the most sophisticated computers in the world," says Mr. LLerena. "They ought to be able to do this.".But airlines say it would be too expensive and cause too many delays if they started using computerized scanners to check tickets at the gate.	0
The JSP admitted Oct. 13 that its members received about eight million yen from the pachinko organization, and charged LDP members with receiving 125 million yen ($880,000) and other opposition parties with taking about 2.5 million yen.	On Friday, the chief cabinet secretary announced that eight cabinet ministers had received five million yen from the industry, including 450,000 yen ($3,175) by Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu.	0
A women said she saw the park's light standards sway..A man said he saw the upper rim undulate.	I saw neither.	0
which was ignited by tax cuts and loose credit policies in 1986 and 1987.	Officials fear that any loosening this year could rekindle inflation or further weaken the pound against other major currencies.	1
Accessories not only sell faster than whole bikes, they also offer profit margins nearly double the 25% to 30% or so on sales of complete cycles.	To get a piece of the business, Nike Inc., Beaverton, Ore., introduced a line of mountain-bike shoes.	1
that Washington's "drug-related murder rate is intolerably high..The prisons are too crowded.	Drugs continue to be sold openly around schools, parks and housing projects.	0
But as stock prices recovered some of the early losses, so did the U.S. currency.	the dollar ended down only modestly.	1
A lot of the professional traders are just going back and forth.	They're just as confused.	1
High-definition television promises to be the TV of tomorrow, so it is a natural multibillion-dollar market.	Although major U.S. manufacturers have all but ceded the main segment of that future business to Japan, not everyone here is ready to give up.	1
it's important for a new make to be as distinctive as possible while still retaining links to the parent company's quality image.	He applauds Toyota and Nissan Motor Co. for creating separate divisions for their new luxury models, rather than simply adding more nameplates to their standard car lines.	1
net income fell 5% to $59.5 million from $62.8 million.	Revenue of $1.73 billion was almost unchanged from last year's $1.72 billion.	0
In an effort to stave off a plan that would require all lawyers in New York state to provide twenty hours of free legal aid a year, the state bar recommended an alternative program to increase voluntary participation in pro bono programs.	The state bar association's policy making body, the House of Delegate, voted Saturday to ask Chief Judge Sol Wachtler to give the bar's voluntary program three years to prove its effectiveness before considering mandatory pro bono.	1
Polish peasants, spurning the collectivizers, were once a source of shame to orthodox Communists.	Now, among Communist reformers, they are objects of envy.	0
but indicated it intends to hold at least 20% of the joint venture's stock long term.	A 20% stake would allow Honeywell to include Yamatake earnings in its results.	1
it obtained "firm" financing commitments from three major banks in regard to its offer for 50.3% of LIN Broadcasting Corp.	Morgan Guaranty Trust, Toronto-Dominion Bank and Provident National Bank, an affiliate of PNC Financial Corp., jointly committed $1.2 billion of financing, subject to certain conditions.	0
Infiniti "was a bear on interiors" but at least let him retrofit an existing building -- without the stream.	he turned down a Lexus franchise in part because "the building was gorgeous but very expensive.	0
But Conner isn't standing still.	Yesterday, the company introduced four products, three of which are aimed at a hot new class of computers called notebooks.	0
But they will have disappointing returns or even losses if interest rates rise instead.	Bond resale prices, and thus fund share prices, move in the opposite direction from rates.	1
Another focuses on Charles Brush, the first person to light a city electrically.	It shows a boy hurling rocks at a street lamp.	0
Eight years I've had it.	A cultural center has been built, shops.	0
As publisher of a magazine devoted to movies as guideposts for fashion and other fantasies, Ms. Volokh sees her party-giving as an important part of business.	She has thrown extravagant soirees for crowds of people, but prefers more intimate gatherings.	1
and there is still uncertainty as to when values will recover.	The decision to increase the loan-loss reserve and suspend the dividend is "both prudent and in the best long-term interest of the shareholders.	1
The initial costs are said to be in the $2 billion a year range, but that's only the beginning.	New entitlements tend to grow, creating a rationale for new taxes.	1
But now, Charlie Brown is about to start pitching everything from Chex Party Mix to light bulbs.	Why is he cashing in now.	1
The economic dislocation was as abrupt as the earthquake itself, as virtually all businesses shut down.	The $125-billion-a-year Bay area economy represents one-fourth of the economy of the nation's most populous state and accounts for 2% to 3% of the nation's total output of goods and services, according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto.	1
This cannot be solved by provoking a further downturn; reducing the supply of goods does not solve inflation.	Our advice is this: Immediately return the government surpluses to the economy through incentive-maximizing tax cuts, and find some monetary policy target that balances both supply and demand for money.	1
Most of the telephone problems in the immediate aftermath stemmed from congestion.	The telephone network simply couldn't handle the large number of people seeking to make a call at the same time.	0
Computer-generated videos help.	The average American watches seven hours of TV a day.	1
such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits.	The individual voter's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes.	1
BellSouth's revised proposal surprised many industry analysts, especially because of the company's willingness to accept some dilution of future earnings.	the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9% in both 1990 and 1991 and by significantly less thereafter.	0
he will make another cut to about $5.50 a share in light of the third-quarter report.	Eaton's quarter profit margin on controls was lower than he anticipated.	1
Some big companies have teams of in-house experts focusing on safety and business resumption.	Many companies in the path of potential disaster have set up contingency offices in safe regions, hoping they can transport employees there and resume operations quickly.	0
I'm not accusing insurers of dereliction of duty.	You can't ask one carrier to underwrite on social grounds when that might destroy it in the marketplace.	1
Of course, Mr. Wolf, 48 years old, has some savings.	He left his last two jobs at Republic Airlines and Flying Tiger with combined stock-option gains of about $22 million, and UAL gave him a $15 million bonus when it hired him.	1
Either way, the overhang is big enough to keep delicately balanced oil markets on edge.	Even modest amounts of additional output by those with the huge extra capacity and reserves, such as Saudi Arabia and Iraq, could upset the market.	1
increasing general reserves to $300 million, or about 6.7% of the total portfolio, as of Sept. 30.	On June 30, loss reserves stood at $108.3 million.	0
As many as 50 of his employees at Specialized Bicycle Components Inc. ride with him.	When they return to their desks at 1 p.m., they have pedaled 20 miles.	0
some investors were disappointed that the cash-rich company had failed to announce a special dividend.	Inco closed at $31.125 a share, down 62.5 cents, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1
Ballooning at the de rigueur hour of 6 a.m. held all the attraction for most people of sunrise root-canal work.	Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative, I promptly signed up.	0
that he employs 16 blacks.	I couldn't afford to hire 16 whites.	0
Transportation officials are expecting utter traffic pandemonium beginning Monday and growing worse over the next several weeks.	Some 250,000 cars normally cross the closed Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco daily.	1
investor concern about Black & Decker's increased debt burden from the Emhart purchase.	The company's stock plunged when it first announced that it planned to acquire Emhart.	1
The stock's decline also has left the UAL board in a quandary.	Although it may not be legally obligated to sell the company if the buy-out group can't revive its bid, it may have to explore alternatives if the buyers come back with a bid much lower than the group's original $300-a-share proposal.	1
{Cathay doesn't} have a hope in the long run.	Cathay would love to keep going, but the general sense is they're going to have to do something.	1
The outlook on both federal bills is uncertain.	The ACLU and worker organizations back tighter laws, but employers and device manufacturers object.	1
We're not asking them to save up 50 proof-of-purchases.	We're not saying drink more, we're saying trade up.	1
But while U.S. interest may be big and growing, the difficulties that have stymied deals in the past show no sign of abating.	Alongside the old problems of a non-convertible currency and an inpenetrable bureaucracy, Western business executives must now grapple with new complexities linked to perestroika, the restructuring of the Soviet economy.	0
Ms. McGlade of PaineWebber raised a more fundamental question about the deal.	If K mart can't get its act together in discounting, why is it spending time worrying about other growing markets.	0
In addition, the rise in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies over the past several months has increased the price of U.S. products in overseas markets and hurt the country's competitiveness.	Since March, exports have been virtually flat.	1
The current quarter looks fine.	We think revenue will continue to grow and that we can control costs and thus improve profitability.	0
At dawn on a cool day, hundreds travel to the private market in Radzymin, a town not far from Warsaw, hauling pigs, cattle and sacks of feed that the state's official buyers can't induce them to sell.	Here, they are searching for a higher price.	1
Fewer people said they were working up a sweat with such activities as jogging, tennis, swimming and aerobics.	Half of those surveyed said they simply walk these days for exercise.	0
The surge in production raises questions about capacity outpacing demand.	that most of the new plants will come on line in 1992, when the current import trade restraint program ends, which could result in more imports.	1
The next level down did doors.	If a new person got to work on part of the speedometer, that was a big deal.	1
Scot MacInnis, a masseur in Boulder, Colo., had a scary experience while massaging a man in a natural-foods supermarket as part of a store promotion.	Three minutes into the massage, the man curled up, began shaking and turned red.	0
Courtaulds' restructuring is among the largest thus far in Britain.	The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of #50 million on #980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31.	0
In addition, despite IBM's well-publicized recent problems, the computer giant still generates enormous amounts of cash.	As of the end of the second quarter, it had $4.47 billion of cash and marketable securities on hand.	0
when he sued Disney during his takeover battle, he filed on behalf of all shareholders.	When Disney offered to pay Mr. Steinberg a premium for his shares, the New York investor didn't demand the company also pay a premium to other shareholders.	0
Still, even the title raises questions about the author's vision of her subject.	Baker's art was jazz only by the widest stretch of the term.	1
to bring double-decking to Los Angeles freeways by 1994.	Caltrans plans to add a second deck for buses and car pools above the median of a 2.5-mile stretch of the Harbor Freeway just south of Los Angeles, near the Memorial Coliseum.	0
that some directors, who have joined forces with company founder James Patterson, have ties to Wendy's, a competing hamburger chain.	The Patterson group, which controls about 42% of Rally's shares, also may seek control.	0
Last Monday, Qintex Australia announced a restructuring plan and said it would sell off assets.	Last week the company indicated it would cut back on the working capital it would supply to Qintex Entertainment.	0
The only response to the challenge being presented to us by the East is to reinforce and accelerate the union and cohesion of the European Community.	Mr. Mitterrand proposed that a conference be convened next fall to write a new treaty for the EC allowing a European central bank, and that the treaty be ratified by 1992.	1
In late New York trading yesterday, the dollar was quoted at 1.8667 marks, down from 1.8685 marks late Monday, and at 142.75 yen, up from 141.85 yen late Monday.	Sterling was unchanged at $1.5753.	0
Maybe we should ask why it was that Du Pont so quickly capitulated and issued a statement, giving it wide publicity, that it was withdrawing CFCs.	Freon, introduced in 1930, revolutionized America by making refrigeration and air conditioning practical after all.	1
he could easily merge Pinkerton's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities.	He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton's employees, many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm, he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he'd wanted.	0
How could he be.	He's the director of the local Planned Parenthood chapter.	1
Ironically, many of the pilots involved have left Eastern or are still striking the carrier, which filed for bankruptcy protection March 9.	About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work.	0
The average six-month bill was sold with a yield of 8.04%, up from 7.90%.	The average three-month issue rose to 8.05% from 7.77%.	0
There has been a lot of talk that a large portion of the Colombian economy is sustained by the laundering of drug money.	In my opinion, this is not true.	0
Turkey is not a Christian nation.	its people simply won't fit in with the Western European Judeo-Christian tradition.	1
Sometimes when people are making big changes, retiring from their jobs, moving to a new area, they lose their bearings.	They may be susceptible to some song and dance if it hits them at the right time.	1
Formerly president and treasurer, Mr. Lang remains chief executive officer.	Victor C. Benda, 58, formerly executive vice president, succeeds Mr. Lang as president and becomes chief operating officer, a new post.	0
This figure could be estimated using techniques employed by private lenders to forecast losses, or determined by selling loans to private owners (without federal guarantees).	Neither technique is perfect, but both are better than the current system, which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially and average about $20 billion annually, according to the Congressional Budget Office.	1
But Mr. Azoff had been negotiating for more than a year to get out of his MCA contract.	Mr. Azoff was bored and frequently clashed with top MCA management over a number of issues such as compensation and business plans.	1
A lot of observers think so, and, if they're right, the whole economy as well as the spendthrifts among us could be hurt.	A sudden, forced cutback by consumers would damp the economy at a time when plant-and-equipment spending is slowing and deficit-racked governments can't readily take up the slack.	1
but behind the bipartisan leadership, a solid majority took shape yesterday and brushed aside amendments seeking to cut the total package or steer it away from direct aid to political parties.	Final approval -- on a 64-35 roll call -- was never in doubt.	1
On days when prices are tumbling, they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will.	In such an environment, market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares.	1
but the session ended shortly thereafter, leaving the stock market set up for more sell programs.	By Monday morning stock-index arbitrage sell programs helped re-establish the link between stocks and futures.	0
The U.S. is submitting the proposal today in Geneva.	Another U.S. proposal filed Monday urges more "fair play" in services trade.	0
it expects it will need about $215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses.	that it has not begun discussions with financing sources, and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation.	0
Its antihero, Said Mahran, is an Egyptian Raskolnikov who seeks nobility in robbing and killing.	I am the hope and the dream, the redemption of cowards," he says in one of many interior monologues.	0
The estimated $40 million from the new pre-merger notification fee would be divided between the Justice Department's Antitrust Division and the Federal Trade Commission.	The Federal Bureau of Investigation is slated to receive $30 million by charging for fingerprint services in civil cases.	0
the house begins to creak and sway.	The ground shakes underneath her.	0
What has jolted many junk buyers is the sudden realization that junk bonds cannot necessarily be bought and sold with the ease of common stocks and many investment-grade bonds.	Unlike the New York Stock Exchange, where buyers and sellers are quickly matched, the junk market, where risky corporate loans are traded, is sometimes closed for repairs.	1
My American companion and I were left to ride alfresco in the wicker basket.	As we streaked by a blase gendarme, I couldn't resist rearing up on my soggy loafers and saluting.	1
Manufacturers, too, are stretching further to lure buyers.	GM's Cadillac division, ignoring Detroit's long-held maxim that safety doesn't sell, is airing television commercials touting its cars' safety features.	0
Poverty remains far more widespread among blacks than other Americans.	In 1988, 31.6% of blacks lived in poverty, compared with 10.1% for whites and 26.8% for Hispanics.	0
After Friday's decline, Mr. Perritt's firm ran statistical tests on 100 high-quality stocks.	He found 85 still overvalued and 15 fairly valued.	0
The space shuttle Atlantis landed at a desert air strip at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif., ending a five-day mission that dispatched the Jupiter-bound Galileo space probe.	The five astronauts returned to Earth about three hours early because high winds had been predicted at the landing site.	0
it is still planning to go ahead with its IPO this week or next -- unless conditions change.	It's a wait-and-see situation right now.	0
London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson's resignation.	It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling, but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading, and signs of further weakness in the British pound, proved a hefty load to bear.	0
The arrogance of a judge, his demeanor, the way he handles people are not a basis for filing a complaint.	Until this came up and hit the press, there was never any indication that he was doing anything wrong.	1
The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as interest rate swaps, financial guarantees, foward interest rate contracts, loan contracts, loan commitments and options written on securites held.	It will require companies to spell out in more detail collateral polices and concentrations of credit risk for all financial instruments.	0
Jaguar ended 22 higher at 747.	fresh buying was drawn into Jaguar.	1
that 43% exercise regularly.	an industry "wash" is in progress. "Clubs need to be run like restaurants where every square foot makes a dollar.	1
Attitudes {toward being acquired} are still negative, but they're becoming more positive.	In some industries, like pharmaceuticals, acquisitions make sense.	0
Mr. Roman appears custom-made for the American Express job.	Known as a traditional executive, he is very much in the conservative American Express mold.	1
Merrill's move is one of the most sweeping program-trading pullbacks of recent days, because the big securities firm will no longer execute stock-index arbitrage trades for customers.	Most Wall Street firms, in pulling back, have merely stopped such trading for their own accounts.	0
that the drug czar had exaggerated the amount of federal drug-related assistance provided to the capital.	Our analysis was unable to even come close to documenting that figure.	0
that a recent diversification attempt fell through.	We're still interested {in diversifying.	1
that it wouldn't invest in the group.	its money would be better spent in areas such as research and development.	1
In the Treasury market, the benchmark 30-year bond rose seven-eighths point, or $8.75 for each $1,000 face amount.	that inflation is moderating while the economy slows.	1
To invoke the right to deliberately distort what someone else has said is to assert the right to lie in print.	Masson has lost his case, but the defendants, and the profession to which they belong, have lost far more.	1
Until 1963, it was good soil.	Then the state put in a reservoir to supply the area with drinking water.	0
Unlike the other nations of the bloc, East Germany is a creature of the Cold War.	Erasing the differences still dividing Europe, and the vast international reordering that implies, won't endanger the statehood of a Poland or a Hungary..But it could ultimately lead to German reunification and the disappearance of East Germany from the map.	0
There is little incentive on the part of traders to sell gold because the stock market may go lower and gold may retain some of its `flight to safety' quality..There is little incentive to buy gold because if the stock market goes higher, it may be just a false alarm.	This is keeping the gold traders handcuffed.	1
the move is yet another example of his conservatism.	that companies with real estate give "security.	1
The Bush administration is seeking an understanding with Congress to ease restrictions on U.S. involvement in foreign coups that might result in the death of a country's leader.	that while Bush wouldn't alter a longstanding ban on such involvement, "there's a clarification needed" on its interpretation.	1
They took more than 25% casualties.	that they faced minefields without mine detectors.	1
In the previous three general elections, similar national issues clinched the vote.	In 1971, the Congress Party won after India's victory in the Bangladesh war.	0
Commissioner Mary Francis Berry said it was "another sad episode in the saga of the unguided missile who is chairman.	Rep. Don Edwards, the California Democrat, warned Mr. Allen that the speech would be "outside the scope of the commission's jurisdiction.	0
Subsequent margins set by agreement between NatWest and Merrill.	If no margin agreed, there is a fallback rate of Libor plus 0.75 point in years one to 15, and Libor plus 1.25 point thereafter.	0
Amex said it would charge me $576 a year for $100,000 of coverage -- and would pay me back all the premiums I put in if I canceled the policy after 10 years.	Sounds great -- or does it.	1
to woo the small-business market.	As larger companies increasingly self-insure, or use reserves to pay their own workers' medical bills, the insurance industry has turned to the small-employer market that was once a backwater for them.	1
The mining zone has thus remained one of the most desolate places in Africa.	Ghost towns dot the Namib dunes, proving diamonds aren't forever.	0
In California and New York, state officials have opposed Channel One.	private and parochial schools in both states will be canvassed to see if they are interested in getting the programs.	0
How quickly things change.	This past summer, investors' appetite for municipal bonds seemed insatiable.	1
The real estate investment trust said the "purported class action suit," seeks "damages and other remedies under federal securities law and state law.	the company wouldn't disclose further details.	0
Intelligence officials to this day worry whether Mr. Noriega sold sensitive information on the recordings to the Cubans or others.	Mr. Turner was troubled enough to cancel the U.S. contract with the rent-a-colonel at the beginning of the Carter administration.	0
Managers in all three companies recognize speed as a component of quality and a key to customer satisfaction.	They effectively lead team efforts to reduce cycle time.	1
We're extremely committed to optical storage technology.	We think everything will go this way in a few years.	1
Drugs were a major issue in two days of talks between French President Francois Mitterrand and Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez.	I demand the utmost severity in the fight against drug traffickers.	1
Still, Mr. Peladeau stuck with the venture.	Now the Journal, flush with ads and hugely profitable, is even with La Presse in weekend circulation and outsells it 3 to 2 every weekday.	1
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum, dubbed "A Musical Odyssey," was a case in point.	It felt more like a party, or a highly polished jam session with a few friends, than a classical concert.	0
With the stock market wobbly and dollar buyers discouraged by signs of U.S. economic weakness and the recent decline in U.S. interest rates that has diminished the attractiveness of dollar-denominated investments, traders say the dollar is still in a precarious position.	They'll be looking at levels to sell the dollar.	1
South Korea and Japan continue to be profitable.	Moon's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China, where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square.	0
But under the proposed guidelines, all federally funded research will have to be reported publicly so that anyone can capitalize on the work.	Without the exclusivity, most venture capitalists won't have the incentive to invest in such deals.	1
The overall London market, following Wall Street's early nosedive, took a late beating.	The Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-Share Index plummeted 40.4 points to close at 2149.3.	1
Knight-Ridder wouldn't comment on the offer.	The company has said the paper isn't for sale, and has rebuffed Mr. McMaster's earlier requests for access to Free Press financial statements.	0
When it owns stocks, Renaissance's portfolio typically is composed of about 60 large-capitalization issues.	to make buy or sell moves, the firm solicits Wall Street brokerage houses a day or so in advance, looking for the best package price to carry out the trades.	1
I think it is a nail in the coffin in any royalty tax proposal.	What {the report} shows is everything we've been saying for the past eight or nine years -- that audio taping is the best thing to happen for the recording industry.	1
Robert Crandall, with the Brookings Institute, agrees.	Unless there is an enormous rate of economic growth or a further drop in the dollar, it's unlikely that consumption of U.S. produced steel will grow sufficiently to offset the growth of minimills.	0
I was never sure Donald Trump really wanted to take AMR.	What happened with United was a gracious way for him to bow out.	1
Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc., as previously reported, had net of $65.9 million, reversing a $3.5 million loss a year earlier.	its latest results include a $37 million gain from the sale of an institutional money management business.	0
Will he try to gain a seat on or control of the board and force a radical split of USX into separate oil and steel companies.	Given the weakness of the junk-bond market, can he finance a buy-out.	0
Rick Sherlund, a Goldman Sachs analyst, has raised his earnings estimates for the company twice in the past two weeks, citing improved margins.	After the earnings were announced, he raised his fiscal 1990 estimate to between $3.80 and $4 a share.	0
Moreover, sports has "claimed its place" as a guaranteed ratings-getter.	This isn't outlandish bidding.	1
one "possessed of a dignity in keeping with his position.	Such dignity "has to do crucially with a butler's ability not to abandon the professional being he inhabits.	1
Shearson Lehman Hutton declined to comment.	Officials at Goldman Sachs and Salomon Brothers were unavailable for comment.	0
The Dow average now stands more than 20% higher, while Renaissance's portfolio of Treasurys produced a return of about 6% through the first three quarters of the year.	The computer's miscalculation has been painful for Renaissance.	1
The December contract rose $33 a metric ton to $1,027, near its high for the day.	that the 1989-90 world cocoa surplus would be 231,000 tons, down from 314,000 tons for the previous year.	1
When the good fairy assigned to Slovakia hovered over the cradle of Edita Gruberova many years ago in Bratislava, she sprinkled her with high E flats, sparkling Ds, clean trills, and coloratura ornaments silvery as magic dust.	Maybe she could drop by at the Metropolitan Opera and bring along what she forgot, a little charm, a few smidgins of thespian skills and a nice wig.	1
Much of the jockeying by OTC traders and investors centered on shares of companies that might be financially affected by damage from the devastating earthquake in northern California.	shares of a number of companies that might either profit or face problems because of the disaster were actively traded.	1
the ownership of both cable systems and cable-programming networks gives the company too much market power.	that in joining up with Tele-Communications, Viacom has potentially more power, particularly since Viacom also owns cable networks MTV, VH-1 and Nick at Nite.	0
We're surprised.	We didn't think a sleeping {Bell} mentality would be willing to take on dilution.	1
Meanwhile, the brokerage firms in San Francisco were trying to cope.	traders came to work at 5 a.m. PDT -- many on foot because of uncertain road and traffic conditions -- but learned that they would have to await a required inspection by the city in order to turn the power back on at the company's two main facilities there.	0
Expansion plans also include acquisitions in growing foreign markets.	The bank says it's interested in purchasing banks in Morocco, Portugal and Puerto Rico.	0
when he was told by another prominent trader, Bernard "Bunny" Lasker, that the deal was in trouble.	After placing orders to sell, Mr. Freeman called Martin Siegel, an investment banker at Kidder, Peabody & Co., who was advising on the deal, to confirm these rumors.	1
Some drill-bit prices have risen 5% in the past month..In the Gulf of Mexico, a boat to deliver supplies to offshore rigs now costs around $3,000 a day, up nearly 60% since June..Some service boats recently were auctioned for about $1.7 million each, up from less than $1 million two years ago.	At the bottom of the slump, Schlumberger Inc. was discounting 75% on an electronic evaluation of a well; now it discounts about 50%, drillers say.	0
I don't think the Bush administration has done anything," he says.	Recruiter Donald Clark does note an increase in searches for minority candidates.	0
that if stock-market volatility persists, the U.S. may lose its edge as being the best place to raise capital.	Japan's markets are more stable.	1
Investor focus shifted quickly.	Many of the morning-session winners turned out to be losers by afternoon.	1
it won't climb further and he expects it to remain in a trading range between $1.10 and $1.25.	that the equity markets will set the tone for the industrial metals this week and traders should keep an eye on Wall Street.	0
The timing of his visit was fortuitous.	the man who had brought it in for an estimate had returned to collect it and was waiting in the hall.	1
You may be hearing more about the 38-year-old Mr. McDonough and his preoccupation with clean air.	After years of relative obscurity, he is starting to attract notice for the ecological as well as the aesthetic quality of his architecture.	1
Allianz currently holds between 5% and 10% of Navigation Mixte, an apparent increase from the 5% stake that Navigation Mixte officials had earlier announced.	Allianz was buying yesterday morning, and Navigation Mixte moved up 108 francs ($17.19) to close at 1,908 francs in heavy trading.	0
Among declining issues, a weak earnings outlook drove Groundwater Technology down 6 1/4 to 24.	The company said results for its second quarter ended Oct. 28 could drop as much as 20% below the 30 cents a share reported in the year-earlier quarter.	1
its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower-than-anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990.	The projection sent Anheuser shares plunging $4.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.	1
Instead, they map out a strategy in several phases from now until 1995.	Most of the measures would probably only start to have an effect on beleaguered Soviet consumers in two to three years at the earliest.	0
The effort to create the nation's largest employee-owned company began unraveling Oct. 13 when the labor-management group was unable to obtain financing for its $300-a-share, $6.79 billion offer.	Just last week it suffered another major setback when British Airways PLC, the largest equity investor in the labor-management bid, withdrew its support.	0
The executives showed good timing.	In Big Board trading yesterday, James River shares closed at $28.375, down 12.5 cents.	1
In France, Suez and Axa-Midi Assurances S.A. both have been on the prowl for giant acquisitions.	Suez last month acquired control of Groupe Victoire, the sixth-largest European insurance company, after a takeover battle with Cie..Industrielle.	0
All these thoughts raced through my head in the 15 seconds of the earthquake's actual duration.	The rest is, of course, history.	0
This is an impressive show of faith in the future of the magazine industry.	Entrepreneurs don't rush to get into a stagnant or declining industry.	1
and the battle has produced a form of organizational gridlock.	In July, 11 NFL owners, almost all of them new, blocked an effort to install Jim Finks as a replacement for retiring league commissioner Pete Rozelle.	0
In 1979, however, Westinghouse abandoned the project along with its stake in advanced television.	Mr. Brody left the company to find other backers.	1
Using the new technique developed by Cetus Corp., called the polymerase chain reaction, the scientists rapidly made millions of copies of the section of DNA that ordinarily contains the hemoglobin gene, providing enough copies to test.	A genetic probe showed the hemoglobin gene was missing.	0
Japan's markets are more stable.	If that continues, a significant number of {U.S.} companies will go over there to raise money.	1
That was another reason the Street loved Santa Fe.	With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell's Itel owning close to 40% of Santa Fe's stock, management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly "maximize values.	0
Scientists Rima Kaddurah-Daouk and Paul Schimmel conducted the initial research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	While Ms. Kaddurah-Daouk left MIT to head Amira, Prof..Schimmel will continue to work at MIT, serve on Amira's board and own a small equity stake in the company.	0
Analysts hailed the planned transaction as being beneficial to Armstrong and Shaw, the market leader in the U.S. carpet industry, with an estimated 17% to 20% share.	Shaw, based in Dalton, Ga., has annual sales of about $1.18 billion, and has economies of scale and lower raw-material costs that are expected to boost the profitability of Armstrong's brands, sold under the Armstrong and Evans-Black names.	1
the discipline was unfair.	that his manager wanted to get rid of him for personal reasons.	1
Long considered a potential takeover target, Navigation Mixte had hoped Allianz would help protect it from raiders.	That idea may have backfired.	0
With this personal strategy firmly in place, I look forward to years of fine life-style investments and increasing widespread leverage.	My kids' college education looms as perhaps the greatest future opportunity for spending, although I'll probably have to cash in their toy portfolio to take advantage of it.	0
The price of attracting capital -- whether one's own or that of foreigners -- is a trade deficit.	To avoid this deficit Mr. Lawson inflated the pound in order to prevent its rise.	1
Anti-nuclear activists have protested the launch of the Galileo space probe to Jupiter because it uses plutonium to generate the electricity needed to run the craft.	that if the shuttle carrying Galileo into orbit should explode, or if Galileo itself crashes into the Earth during the two times it flies close to the planet, fatal levels of plutonium would be released into the atmosphere.	1
First, there's the name: "asset-backed securities.	Better than all those offers you get to buy securities backed by nothing.	1
Though brokerage officials defended their use of program trading, one sign of what an issue it remains was that few executives would comment on the record.	Besides reciting the pardon for program trading contained in the Brady Commission report, they said stock-index arbitrage was actually needed Monday to restore the markets' equilibrium.	0
Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley used the opportunity to push the City Council harder to pass a measure establishing a loss-recovery reserve of $100 million.	The amount would help Los Angeles cope in the first few weeks after its own anticipated quake.	1
She thought I wasn't getting my practicing done.	his grandmotherly looking teacher "put her hands on her hips, stomped her foot and said, `You've just got to get the {expletive deleted} out of there.	1
Valley National lost 1 3/8 to 17 1/8 on volume of 1.9 million shares.	The company reported a big third-quarter loss on Thursday.	1
Nearly three-fourths of the people who own home exercise equipment don't use it as much as they planned, according to The Wall Street Journal's "American Way of Buying" survey.	almost half of the exercise equipment owners found it duller than they expected.	1
Sometime next year, Control Data will "develop a new bank relationship," Mr. Perlman said.	In recent months a group of lenders, led by Bank of America, has extended Control Data up to $90 million in revolving loans through January, as well as $115 million in standby letters of credit.	0
traders should be on the lookout for how metals producers react to this rally.	I expect to see some selling, but will they kill this one as they have every rally in the recent past" by selling and locking in prices for their production.	0
One man wrapped several diamonds in the knot of his tie.	Another poked a hole in the heel of his shoe.	0
One would force brokerage houses to provide the SEC detailed information about loans made by their holding companies.	Such loans often are used to finance leveraged buy-outs, and the agency is worried that a sharp market drop could create capital problems for the firms.	1
that the unions are key.	There's less likelihood of creating and completing a transaction without the unions' cooperation and wage concessions.	1
While Westinghouse hasn't had a nuclear power plant order from a U.S. utility in about a decade, excess capacity is beginning to shrink.	the company foresees the need for a major boost in new-generation capability throughout the 1990s.	0
This has been a major disruption for the Bay area economy.	Obviously, things are going to have to go on hold for many companies.	1
third-quarter net income gained 15% to $62 million, or 78 cents a share, from $54 million, or 68 cents a share, a year ago.	Revenue grew 13% to $734.8 million from $650.9 million.	0
The selling that started on Friday continued yesterday.	The December contract fell 3.85 cents a pound to $1.1960.	0
However, StatesWest isn't abandoning its pursuit of the much-larger Mesa.	it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders.	0
millions of dollars in first-quarter revenue were lost.	The revenue will be regained in the current period.	0
An incident in 1984 suggested one additional means by which Mr. Noriega might have maintained such influence with Washington -- by compromising U.S. officials.	Curtin Windsor, then the ambassador to Costa Rica, recalls being invited to Panama by Mr. Noriega's brother Luis Carlos for a weekend of deep sea fishing and "quiet, serious conversation" on the Aswara Peninsula.	0
When the tremors struck, the region's largely unseen high-tech fabric held up surprisingly well despite the devastation visible from the air.	nearly all the network's computer switches, which move thousands of calls a minute from one location to another, changed to battery power when the city lost power.	0
Fast-food jobs aren't popular no matter what they pay.	Working students want "some satisfaction.	1
The most obvious pitch, of course, is the lure of big returns.	We're all a little greedy.	1
Hoping to stay ahead of the pack, the company is emphasizing innovation.	At a recent trade show, convention-goers lined up to view a new Specialized bike frame that weighs just 2.7 pounds -- a pound less than the lightest mountain-bike frame on the market.	0
Some abortion advocates have been asking themselves this very question.	RU-486 "probably represents a technical advance in an area where none is needed, or at least not very much," said Phillip Stubblefield, president of the National Abortion Federation, at a reproductive health conference in 1986.	0
negative publicity has exacerbated investors' concern about recent declines in junk-bond prices.	People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying: `I can't take it anymore -- I'm getting out.	0
GENERAL MOTORS CORP., Detroit, auto maker, annual sales of $123.6 billion, NYSE, sustained about 10 injuries to workers and some ruptured water mains at its New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. facility in Fremont, a joint venture with Toyota Motor Corp.	There was limited production of some models yesterday, but it wasn't clear when the normal 750-car-a-day pace will resume.	1
Courtaulds has been under pressure to enhance shareholder value since takeover speculators -- including Australian financier Kerry Packer -- surfaced holding small stakes last year.	Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake, Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy.	1
utilization management doesn't appear to have altered the long-term rate of increase in health-care costs.	Employers who saw a short-term moderation in benefit expenditures are seeing a return to previous trends.	1
The biggest percentage gainer on the Amex was Enviropact, which jumped 23%, or 5/8, to 3 3/8 on volume of 29,000 shares.	On Monday, the company, a provider of environmental consulting services, reported a wider fiscal fourth-quarter loss and predicted a loss for its fiscal 1990 first quarter, but said a profit is expected for all of fiscal 1990.	1
Earlier this year, Meredith sold its first such package for $3 million to Kraft Inc., now a unit of New York-based Philip Morris Cos.	The Kraft package included a specially published cookbook, a national free-standing insert in Sunday newspapers, and a Kraft "advertorial" section that ran in five Meredith magazines.	0
So producers Alyce and Topper Carew spun their Rolodexes and gathered names of black opinion makers to mount a direct-mail campaign.	By wooing a core black audience they figure they might keep the show alive at least until the spring semester.	1
Pencil pushers chew and put the plastic models behind their ears just like traditional pencils made of glued strips of California incense cedar filled with ceramic lead.	It takes five steps to make standard pencils, just one for the plastic type.	0
Foothills' main rival to build a Mackenzie Delta pipeline is likely to be TransCanada PipeLines.	The Toronto-based company, together with Tenneco Inc. of Houston, has had an incomplete proposal filed with Canadian regulators since 1984 that it is now updating.	1
At the scheduled time, Mr. Stone entered a conference room in a building near where he worked.	After the three members of the court introduced themselves, the chairman of the panel said: "Go ahead and tell us what happened.	0
James Cleveland, a courier who earned a Bravo Zulu for figuring out how to get a major customer's 1,100-parcel-a-week load to its doorstep by 8 a.m., considers himself far more than a courier.	We don't just hand the customer the package.	1
Atsushi Muramatsu, Nissan's executive vice president for finance, helped set the tone in December 1986, when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation's postwar recovery.	This is a time of self-criticism to discover what is wrong with us," he said.	0
But the EC reacted defiantly, arguing that the proposal's main aim is to destroy the Common Agricultural Policy, the EC's $28 billion-a-year price support program.	The American proposal is not an adequate basis for negotiation," the EC said in a statement.	0
In an extraordinary mix of cultures and church-state powers, Rep. Robert Dornan (R., Calif.) lectured his fellow Roman Catholics -- including Mr. Florio -- for having the "chutzpah" to disagree with the hierarchy of their church on abortion.	Rep. Les AuCoin was as blunt on behalf of the abortion-rights movement.	0
Bob Stone is a fictional name, but the incident described is real.	It happened at Northrop Corp. in Los Angeles.	0
It's not good.	the market is setting up for another fall.	0
He figured wrong.	Last week Warner filed a $1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters.	1
At Nissan, "we felt we wanted to do something to help them gather money, and we had this airtime on Monday Night Football.	What did we get out of it.	1
Later that month, it added an entire tank brigade, including 120 T-72 tanks and more than 40 BMP state-of-the-art infantry fighting vehicles.	By September, a new Reinforced Motorized Rifle Brigade with an additional 300 combat vehicles, 1,000 more trucks and 10,000 Soviet-trained Afghan troops had arrived in Kandahar.	0
A continuing slide in the pound could force the government to push through another rise in the base rate, currently 15%.	That could shove a weak economy into recession.	1
To the professionals in the trade it didn't cause much surprise.	The March futures contract traded as high as 14.24 cents, but couldn't sustain the advance.	1
Stocks of major toy makers rallied in the wake of strong third-quarter earnings reports.	Mattel added 1 1/4 to 19 5/8, Tonka firmed 1 to 18 1/2 and Lewis Galoob Toys rose 7/8 to 13 5/8 on the Big Board, while Hasbro gained 1 to 21 7/8 on the American Stock Exchange.	0
About a year ago, it ended an on-again, off-again internal production war that had put prices on a roller coaster and pitched oil towns from Houston to Caracas into recession.	Saudi Arabia, OPEC's kingpin, abandoned a policy of flooding the market to punish quota-cheaters.	0
In West Germany and the Netherlands, insurers are flirting with banks.	In France, Suez and Axa-Midi Assurances S.A. both have been on the prowl for giant acquisitions.	0
Increased patrolling of business zones makes sense because urban crime is heavily concentrated in such "hot spots" of pedestrian density.	With National Institute of Justice support, the Minneapolis police and the Crime Control Institute are currently testing the effects of such a strategy, comparing its deterrence value with traditional random patrols.	0
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige.	The demonstrators have been non-violent, but the result of their trespasses has been to seriously impair the rights of others unconnected with their dispute.	0
Over time, through benchmark surveys, the corrected data on service exports and imports have been gathered.	The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were expenditures by foreign students in the U.S. (net after expenditures by Americans studying abroad), some exports by professional firms (a law firm billing a German client for services rendered in watching legislation in Washington is as much an export as shipment of an American jet engine), and improved data from travel and tourism.	0
Mr. Redford no longer stands out as an extremist.	He has not changed, but those around him have.	1
Its best hope of acceptance by its neighbours lies in reaching a settlement with the Palestinians.	Like Lebanon, Israel is being remade by demography.	1
The number of authorized common shares will remain at 100 million.	Under the rights plan, holders will have one right for each common share held, with each right entitling the purchase of one common share for 100 Canadian dollars.	0
Just a week ago, Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder, the most active index-arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year.	Index arbitrage, Mr. Carpenter said last week, doesn't have a "negative impact on the market as a whole" and Kidder's customers were "sophisticated" enough to know that.	0
More and more observers now realize that the key to ending future HUD scandals lies in forcing Congress to clean up its own act.	This week, a Baltimore Sun editorial said the Lantos subcommittee on HUD should forget about Sam Pierce's testimony for the moment and call some other witnesses: the various congressional sponsors of the 40 pork-barrel projects.	0
Friday's big fall was "just a blunder by the stock market.	It was an overreaction to an event that doesn't mean that much to lots of stocks.	0
A panel system like that in the Bob Stone example enjoys such advantages as high credibility and, for the panelists, mutual support.	An adjudicator system -- that is, an investigator who acts first as a fact-finder and then switches hats and arbitrates the facts -- has such advantages as speed, flexibility and maximum privacy.	0
Brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises now make up just 40% of the French tobacco market, half the level of about two decades ago.	While Seita retains a manufacturing monopoly in France, it is being hurt by rising imports.	0
But sales of North American-made 1990-model cars are running at an annual rate of only six million, down from 7.1 million a year earlier..And truck sales also are off more than 20%.	Auto makers, who began deferring some equipment purchases last spring, can be expected to remain cautious about spending if their sales don't pick up.	1
The builders are more willing to give up some equity and rely on management and consulting fees to stay afloat in the soft market.	Developers are teaming up with institutions often acting as project managers.	1
DPC made a $15-a-share bid for the company in May, but Dataproducts management considered the $283.7 million proposal unacceptable.	Dataproducts had sought a buyer for several months.	0
that the cuts are the way to go.	It will reduce spending in a very effective fashion.	1
Rep. Edward Markey (D., Mass.), chairman of the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee, is pushing the idea of a circuit breaker for computer-driven program trading in hopes that would curb "turmoil" in the marketplace.	that program-trading by roughly 15 big institutions is pushing around the markets and scaring individual investors.	1
I'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back that I'd almost have to cancel to make the whole thing worthwhile.	That would be all right with Amex, which could then lock in its investment profit, but it doesn't add up to a "smart money" move for me.	1
it is the first with an 80-megabyte drive.	the company plans to introduce a 120-megabyte drive next year.	0
Japanese researchers have bred dozens of strains of Fujis to hone its color, taste and shelf life.	Now the best of them age as gracefully as Grannies, the industry's gold standard for storability.	1
Psyllium needs sandy soil, dew during the first few weeks, and then total dryness when its seeds are maturing.	Small crops are grown in Pakistan, France, Spain, Italy, Belgium and Brazil, but their quality can't compare to that of Indian psyllium.	1
Although manufacturers often are quick to call for lower interest rates, 60% of the executives said they would prefer that the Fed keep inflation-fighting as its top priority even if that means higher rates.	The other 40% said the Fed ought to worry less about inflation and bring interest rates down.	0
But the cosmetic changes aren't expected to win over Britain.	We still have serious differences with the text.	1
Cincinnati-based P&G took an interest.	it ordered two studies on psyllium and cholesterol.	1
the unit, bludgeoned by Arizona's worsening real-estate woes, will have a $174 million loss for the quarter.	First Interstate took a huge $350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank.	1
Nonsense.	I am staying my own sweet, reasonable self.	0
The agreement was announced by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias Friday, as President Bush and other leaders from the Western Hemisphere gathered in the Central American nation for a celebration of democracy.	Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. and other banks for three years, but the debt plan was rushed to completion in order to be announced at the meeting.	0
He also plans to get to know clients that Mr. Roman was closer to, such as Lever Brothers, American Express and Seagram.	The two men are planning joint visits to a number of clients to attempt to smoothly hand over the reins.	1
that administrative costs of utilization management programs can be high.	You have a whole staff standing ready" to evaluate the appropriateness of recommended treatment.	1
Under one count, Gulf Power would plead guilty to conspiring to violate the Utility Holding Company Act.	Under the second count, the company would plead guilty to conspiring to evade taxes.	0
Thieves are going to find "anybody who has enough bucks to plant these things in their front yard.	The department is advising residents to plant Sagos, if they must, in the back yard and telling nurseries to be on the lookout for anyone trying to palm one off.	1
Mr. Gandhi has called general elections for November, and many businessmen fear that he and his Congress (I) Party will lose.	Some companies are raising money in anticipation of a government less predictable than Mr. Gandhi's, and possibly more restrictive.	1
Any raider would find it hard to crack AG's battlements.	A "syndicate" of shareholders holds just under 50% of AG and members have agreed to give one another the right of first refusal should they sell any AG shares.	1
Lawmakers in Moscow voted to deny the Communist Party its 100 guaranteed seats in the Soviet Congress, meaning Gorbachev and other aides might have to face voters.	In Warsaw, Shevardnadze held his first talks with the Solidarity-led government and vowed to maintain fuel supplies.	0
Before its shares were suspended from trading, Qintex Australia plunged to 16 Australian cents (12 U.S. cents) a share yesterday from 33 Australian cents Friday.	The shares traded at about A$1.50 in March, when the plan to acquire MGM/UA was announced.	0
late October weather, especially in the Northeast U.S., continues to be very moderate.	We aren't seeing any cold weather here," Mr. Bolling said from New York.	0
That plan exceeded the numbers contained in his budget message by $45 billion.	To make the books balance, as is required by law, somebody invented a new budget line item that simply subtracted $45 billion.	1
Mr. DaPuzzo also complained that the sharp swings in stock prices lately is scaring away retail and foreign investors.	While Shearson doesn't do computer-guided program trading for its own account, the firm does execute orders for clients involved in the buying and selling of shares tied to movements in certain stock indexes.	0
Not everybody agrees that it's time to trim.	We aren't inclined to prune stock portfolios now," says Steven G. Einhorn, chairman of the investment policy committee of Goldman, Sachs & Co.	0
The sports lineup may add only 1% to 5% to a station's annual profits.	It alone isn't likely to stop a station from dumping CBS shows.	1
Co-author Richard Hollinger cites what happened at one family-owned company absorbed by a foreign giant.	Pilferage climbed dramatically as many angry employees "felt abandoned by the former owners.	0
Kelly/Varnell had put South Gardens' carrying capacity at four people per room, or about 100 humans overall.	This mincemeat of tiny gridlocked squares was inspired by the artist's own digs: "My loft was 50 by 100 feet, so 50 feet by 50 feet seemed like a good garden room.	0
Because the biggest growth in menswear is in casual sportswear, Brooks Brothers is chasing more of that business.	The entire second floor of its Madison Avenue store is now casual sportswear featuring items such as ski sweaters, leather backpacks and a $42 wool baseball hat with the store's crest.	1
He savored the humor of his uncombed appearance among these buttoned-up chaps.	Back in Berkeley, he was violently scolded by a left-wing lady friend for consorting with such people.	0
But such changes must be cleared by four internal committees and dozens of underwriters, brokers and administrators before being implemented.	The proposal to sell directly to the public remains mired in bureaucratic quicksand.	1
The one thing Mr. Phillips clearly does have going for him is continuity, although it isn't certain if that will be enough.	The last thing they need is enormous disruption at the top . . . and Graham is obviously a long-term member of the Ogilvy Mafia, as we call it.	1
The less they know, the easier it is for us.	If someone asks, just lie and tell them it will be done.	1
The recently released leaders sat high atop a podium in one section of the stadium stands.	Behind them was a huge ANC flag and an even bigger sign that said "ANC Lives, ANC Leads.	0
Ethyl Corp. reported that third-quarter net income fell 12% from a year-earlier quarter helped by a gain from discontinued operations.	Profit from continuing operations rose 19%.	0
This is that the Reagan Revolution spanning Eastern Europe and Tiananmen Square shows the power of ideas unencumbered by international civil servants or government functionaries.	Free markets, free minds and free elections have an appeal that seems to get muddled only when delivered through U.N. organizations -- which of course are made up largely of governments that fear these principles at home.	0
Mr. Jones has been taking prospective suite owners onto the field during practice to let them rub elbows with players, and promises those who actually buy one of the rooms an insider's look at the team's strategy before game time.	The sales job seems to be paying off: When he bought the team, only six of the suites had been sold.	0
There's also resentment.	Other opponents of Filipino come from non-Tagalog regions They argue that their own languages should have equal weight.	1
Instead of helping his company in the defense spending slowdown, Dynamic Engineering Inc., a troubled subsidiary that makes wind tunnels for the space industry, contributed to much of QuesTech's $3.3 million loss on $55.6 million in revenue last year.	In January, Mr. Salvatori sold the unit.	1
and a lot more will be done.	Improving profitability of U.S. operations is an extremely high priority in the company.	1
Morgan Stanley's trading halt for its own account is likely to shake up firms such as Kidder, Peabody & Co. that still do such trades for their own account.	Morgan Stanley has consistently been one of the top stock-index arbitrage traders in recent months.	1
Friday's strong price gains confirmed a turnaround in the precious metals markets, according to PaineWebber's Mr. Frawley.	Most traders will be looking to buy {on} pullbacks.	0
But I'm not one of these great dollar bears you see more of these days.	I can't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks.	1
that when he left baseball in 1978, he "never looked back.	For a long time, he ignored baseball altogether, even the sports pages.	0
The confusion could be costly.	Currency traders, suspecting Mr. Major won't defend the pound strenuously, sent the British currency sharply lower Friday against the dollar and West German mark.	1
Ideologues on the other side of the border can also slow the process.	Helmut Kohl's governing conservative coalition is proving admirably true to the West German constitution by making more than 500,000 people of German descent automatic citizens this year alone.	0
and is having difficulty breaking out above that.	Producers at the moment regard that area a good one in which to sell gold.	1
In his lifetime, 47 years, the Communists brought electricity to his village and piped in drinking water from the reservoir.	No phones.	0
The GM move follows Tuesday's declaration by Ford, which holds an unwelcome 12.45% stake in Jaguar, that it is prepared to bid for the entire company.	GM is close to completing a friendly deal with Jaguar that is likely to involve an eventual 30% stake and joint manufacturing ventures.	0
The earthquake damage, of course, would have been far greater if the epicenter had been in downtown San Francisco.	A direct hit on a major city would cause $20 billion to $40 billion of damage.	0
According to East Germany's ADN news agency, Mr. Krenz spoke to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev by telephone over the weekend and acknowledged East Germany could learn from Moscow's glasnost policies.	Already last week, Mr. Krenz started overhauling East Germany's heavily censored and notoriously boring news media.	0
that Mr. Pierce is only part of the problem -- and a part that's gone.	If HUD is to be reformed Members of Congress will "have to start looking into, and doing something about, the practices of their colleagues.	1
Her mother was a translator.	her father was "the eternal vice director.	0
People may be particularly vulnerable to flim-flam pitches when they are in the midst of a major upheaval in their lives.	Sometimes when people are making big changes, retiring from their jobs, moving to a new area, they lose their bearings.	1
But this is not enough.	Because the U.S. is still perceived to be tied to Mr. Barre, when he goes the runway could go too.	1
Mutual funds, for example, are said to be selling existing municipal bonds to raise cash to buy new issues.	Because municipal bonds yields have risen at a time when interest rates generally have fallen, some portfolio managers are assuming that bonds bought now will appreciate in value as the municipal bond market rebounds.	1
Even if Mr. Crandall is correct, he of all people must realize our society relies on competition to keep prices at a competitive level.	In 1986, he settled an antitrust suit based on a taped telephone conversation of him proposing to Braniff's president that they both raise fares 20%.	1
Japanese auto makers, for example, are increasing their production capacity in the U.S.	the additional production should, in part, replace imported vehicles with locally manufactured ones.	1
but is weighing that possibility.	The NSC staff "doesn't have the horsepower that is required to have an effective interagency process.	1
It has difficulties paying its foreign debts.	How can it make available funds for purchases.	1
that the UAL pilots and management can put together a bid "in the $225 area," but that it could take three to four months to close.	At that level, and given the uncertainty, he believes UAL stock should trade closer to.	1
The big one: A company's culture can't be radically changed unless top management first admits that things have gone badly awry and then publicly leads the charge.	Atsushi Muramatsu, Nissan's executive vice president for finance, helped set the tone in December 1986, when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation's postwar recovery.	1
Under the proposal by Equitec, a financially troubled real-estate syndicator, New York-based Hallwood Group Inc. would replace Equitec as the newly formed master limited partnership's general partner and manager.	Shares of the new partnership would trade on an exchange like a stock.	0
Time Warner emphasized in a news release that it should be evaluated based on its cash flow, which the company defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.	On a pro-forma basis, assuming the merger was effective Jan 1, 1988, including the results from both Time Inc. and all of Warner, that cash flow figure would be $526 million for the latest quarter, more than double the comparable figure a year ago, or $242 million, according to Time Warner.	0
The British carrier also confirmed it isn't committed to going forward with any new bid.	UAL's stock fell $6.25, to $191.75.	0
It's also unnecessary.	Amateur spy-chaser Clifford Stoll is a real person, or as he might waggishly put it, a surreal person.	1
many of China's big infrastructural projects have been canceled or postponed because of the squeeze on domestic and foreign credit.	that as many as 70% of projects that had obtained approval to proceed have been canceled in recent months.	0
that the non-communists would disappear.	That would leave Hun Sen and the Khmer Rouge.	1
a combination of limited crankcase ventilation and improper maintenance could cause engine oil in some of the Mercury Tracers and Mazda 323s to deteriorate more rapidly than normal, causing increased engine noise or reduced engine life.	the problems aren't safety related.	0
that he and his confreres need restraint lest they kill again.	A good place to start the rehabilitation is a "legislative line-item veto" bill now being offered by Indiana Senator Dan Coats.	1
His original strategy (in itself a brilliant innovation for spreading a religion) was to create new economic enterprises each time he wanted to extend and fund his various religious missions.	Tax-exempt airport and street-corner solicitations were intended only to provide start-up funds.	1
Solidarity doesn't care for the good of this region.	They want to turn everything upside down in a week.	1
Carriers could use their equipment more efficiently, leading to overcapacity they were eager to fill.	Shippers cut about $35 billion from their annual, inter-city truck and rail costs, to about $150 billion, or about 6.4% of gross national product, down from 8% of GNP in 1981.	1
In a related matter, Peter Black, president of consumer brand Minwax, was named group vice president for the household products operating group.	Kenneth M. Evans, president of Thompson & Formby brand, was named group vice president of the do-it-yourself operating group.	0
But the broader truth is more complicated -- and dismaying.	The policy was contained in an exchange of letters last October between the Senate intelligence committee and the CIA and National Security Council..Staff lawyers for both sides were busy agreeing with one another about what the U.S. could not do to oust the Panamanian thug..They simply got carried away with interpreting what the executive order banning assassinations really meant..Mr. Boren himself didn't discover the warn-your-enemy nuance until Mr. Bush told him privately at the White House last week.	0
Stevric's principals, Richard and Steven Buckley, said they led the acquisition group that acquired the Nathan's Famous Inc. restaurant chain and subsequently served as the top officers of the company.	Richard Buckley said Stevric's acquisition of Arby's "would allow seasoned franchisers and food-service operators, with no conflicts of interest, to stabilize franchisee relations and properly refocus the company's energies toward growth.	0
Mr. Kasparov's continuation was slower but, in the end, just as deadly.	He won D.T.'s queen for two minor pieces and two pawns -- not enough compensation, in this position, to give the computer much hope.	1
West German government bonds fell as much as 0.60 point in light, nervous trading.	The 7% Treasury bond due October 1999 ended off 0.60 point to 99.35 to yield 7.09%, while the 6 3/4% notes due 1994 fell 0.35 point to 97.25 to yield 7.45%.	0
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply.	that as production improves, the concern among traders is whether the prospective increased supply will find buyers because of uncertainty over national economies.	1
And not just for the players.	It's one more for the baseball-loving lawyers, accountants and real estate developers who ponied up about $1 million each for the chance to be an owner, to step into the shoes of a Gene Autry or have a beer with Rollie Fingers.	0
Our fear was people would look just at the beta {of a gold fund} and say here is an investment with very low risk.	In reality it's very volatile, but the movements are not because of market movements.	0
Mr. Garber depicts these moral qualities with the broad brush strokes of a satire that occasionally descends to the realm of cliched caricatures.	Standard-issue portraits of flaky Californians, snobbish homosexuals and Neanderthal union leaders undermine the force of the author's perceptions.	1
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week, according to one analyst.	Last week's uncertainty in the stock market and a weaker dollar triggered a flight to safety but yesterday the market lacked such stimuli.	0
The Nasdaq composite leaped 7.52 points, or 1.6%, to 470.80.	Its largest previous rise this year came Aug. 7, when it gained 4.31.	0
The move by IBM wasn't exactly a surprise.	The company has spent some $5 billion over the past 3 1/2 years to buy back 42 million common shares, or roughly 7% of those outstanding.	1
Cast as Violetta Valery in a new production of Verdi's "La Traviata," Ms. Gruberova last week did many things nicely and others not so well.	It isn't every day that we hear a Violetta who can sing the first act's high-flying music with all the little notes perfectly pitched and neatly stitched together.	0
Then, as growers bred them more for looks, and to satisfy supermarket chains' demands of long-term storage, the Red went into decline.	Now, those red applelike things stores sell in summer are fruitbowl lovely, but usually not good eating.	1
Instead, Congress's idea of reform is to increase this slush fund by $28.4 million..And transfer control of much of it to Capitol Hill.	The HUD scandals will simply continue, but under new mismanagement.	1
Dumez said group profit after payments to minority interests rose to 252 million francs ($40.1 million) from 148 million a year earlier.	Revenue rose 40% to 13.32 billion francs from 9.53 billion.	0
The court set a hearing on the emergency action for Oct. 30.	United Education & Software posted a $250,000 bond against potential losses to the student aid commission and to taxpayers in guaranteeing any more loans for National Technical Schools students prior to the hearing.	0
Nikko's Mr. Conlon fears a huge wave of Treasury borrowing early next month will drive down Treasury bond prices.	That, coupled with poor third-quarter corporate-earnings comparisons, "will make trouble for the equity market for the next two to three months.	1
This can have its purposes at times, but there's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of Western concepts of freedom and justice.	We can see plenty of reasons to stay out, and none to rejoin UNESCO.	1
It's certainly a responsible offer.	It's not an effort to steal the company" in the middle of the night.	0
The Fed has allowed a key short-term interest rate to decline about one-quarter percentage point.	The federal funds rate on overnight loans between banks has been hovering around 8 3/4%, down from 9% previously.	0
Scientists also are exploring memory and perception with the new machines.	At the State University of New York at Brooklyn, researchers flash two groups of different letters on a computer screen in front of human guinea pigs.	0
Coastal Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with Aruba to restart a 150,000-barrel-a-day oil refinery.	Coastal wouldn't disclose the terms.	0
Mercury also is shrinking itself, part of its plan to change its emphasis from buying mortgage loans from mortgage brokers to making loans directly.	Such a focus is "more profitable, more efficient and gives us a greater sense of control.	1
The paper reflected the truth.	For the leadership, that was too painful to bear.	0
Second, the $5,760 I'd get back would be much diminished in purchasing power by 10 years of inflation.	Amex, not I, would get the benefit of the investment income on my money.	0
But his first crop won't be picked till next year.	I expect to see the demand exceed supply for Fujis for the next 10 to 15 years.	0
So he adjusts.	He no longer crowds the plate.	0
that CBS could run up.	those deals can turn sour if the numbers don't work.	1
Two such actions could be particularly embarrassing to the industry.	both name J. Chandler Peterson, an Atlanta financial planner who is a founder and past chairman of the IAFP, as defendant.	1
Talking to a small group of U.S. executives afterwards, Mr. Gorbachev appeared impatient for a big expansion in U.S.-Soviet trade, which now amounts to a meager $3 billion annually.	The U.S. ranks fourth of countries that have concluded joint ventures, behind West Germany, Finland and Italy.	0
In the cornucopia of go-go apples, the Fuji's track record stands out.	During the past 15 years, it has gone from almost zilch to some 50% of Japan's market.	0
In the short term, the move is likely to have little effect.	At yesterday's closing price, $1 billion would buy back about 10 million shares, or less than 2% of the roughly 580 million outstanding.	1
Last year, venture capitalists spent an estimated $600 million to finance start-up companies in medical and biotechnology businesses, according to the National Venture Capital Association, a trade group.	Many of the deals involved transactions in which scientific institutions or researchers agreed to commercialize their work in return for an equity stake or royalties.	0
Egg-industry lobbying helped persuade six states to ban Mr. Maynard's automatic egg-breaking machine because of fears over salmonella.	His company, Misa Manufacturing Inc., was forced to seek protection from creditors under federal bankruptcy law in 1987 and has since been liquidated.	1
But the warranty on simpler parts would be lowered to two years or 24,000 miles.	they would benefit because car owners would be less likely to go back to dealers for the simpler repairs after two years.	1
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia-Pacific bid broke the market's recent gloom.	The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60, at 2645.08.	0
the union has drained it from below.	A bloated payroll and pervasive graft caused Pemex's operating costs to balloon to 95 cents of each $1 in sales, far above the industry norm.	0
The company can go about its business.	They're in the midst of a turnaround.	1
In November 1987, Sotheby's essentially offered a Wall Street-style "bridge loan" of about $27 million to Australian businessman Alan Bond to enable him to purchase Vincent van Gogh's "Irises" for $53.9 million.	It was the highest bid in history for a work of art.	0
TV programmers could let audiences vote on different endings for a movie.	Fox Broadcasting experimented with this concept last year when viewers of "Married . . . With Children" voted on whether Al should say "I love you" to Peg on Valentine's Day.	0
Such a statute illustrates the fundamental problem: Congress finds it is easier to pass sweepingly moralistic prohibitions, which the courts must thereafter interpret, than to engage in the difficult line-drawing distinctions that are inherently its responsibility.	We are confronted less with a judicial power grab than with a legislative giveaway.	0
Advertisers already are balking at higher prices.	The networks are paying too much for rights," warns adman Paul Isacsson of Young & Rubicam.	0
He taught me how to play like a gypsy.	I didn't learn to count until I got to Juilliard.	0
At 10:33, when the S&P 500 December futures contract crunched to a 12-point loss under the force of sell programs, S&P futures trading was halted and program trades on the Big Board were routed into a special computer that scans for order imbalances.	Under the rules adopted by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, the futures contract cannot drop below the limit, but buyers can purchase futures.	1
Some analysts predict that disappointment in Mr. Gandhi's spent pledge to reduce corruption and heavy-handed local government will crest at the polls.	There's a wide feeling of indignation across the country," says Bhabani Sen Gupta of the Center for Policy Research, in New Delhi.	0
net rose to $23 million, or 54 cents a share, on sales of $153.9 million.	A year ago, net was $14.3 million, or 31 cents a share, on sales of $116.8 million.	0
who has started a new company to cope with the problem.	his firm, Beyond Inc., has licensed technology known as Information Lens from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and plans to develop it for commercial use.	0
Eventually investors will be willing to pay higher prices for companies with proven track records of earnings growth.	In anticipation of that shift, he and other analysts are encouraging their clients to buy such issues now.	1
There are a lot more downward revisions of earnings forecasts than upward revisions.	People are questioning corporate profits as a pillar of support for the equity market.	1
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink.	Experience has shown that the most important element in predicting a housing-loan default is the down payment.	1
Apparently, the respondents don't think that an economic slowdown would harm the major investment markets very much.	A slim majority (51%) think stock prices will be higher in August 1990 than they were in August 1989.	0
I don't think, as we say in investment banking, that `by the end of the day' we'll be losing any licenses.	There are states that have asked for additional information, which we are providing to them.	0
That is "a total 100% lie.	The movie is in its post-production stages of "cleaning up the film.	1
National Intergroup, which owns 50% of the nation's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. -- posted net income for the fiscal second-quarter of $8.6 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with a net loss of $50.3 million.	Sales increased in the quarter ended Sept. 30 to $747.8 million from $623.5 million a year ago.	0
TV evangelist Jim Bakker was sentenced to 45 years in prison and fined $500,000 for defrauding followers of his PTL ministry.	Bakker, who was immediately taken into custody, was convicted Oct. 5 by a federal court jury in Charlotte, N.C., of fraud and conspiracy for diverting more than $3.7 million of ministry funds for personal use.	0
Morgan Stanley's trading halt for its own account is likely to shake up firms such as Kidder, Peabody & Co. that still do such trades for their own account.	Morgan Stanley has consistently been one of the top stock-index arbitrage traders in recent months.	1
In the first nine months, net rose 1.5%, to $458.8 million, or $4.76 a share, from $452 million, or $4.50 a share, a year earlier.	The year-earlier period included $40.1 million, or 41 cents a share, from discontinued operations.	0
Not all of NASA's space-science work will be so auspicious, though.	Around Thanksgiving, the Solar Max satellite will tumble back into the Earth's atmosphere.	0
but its terrible fist struck here on the Nimitz Freeway.	Along the way, the quake toppled a mall in Santa Cruz, knocked down buildings in San Francisco's fashionable Marina District and sent a wall of bricks crashing on motorists in the city's Financial District.	0
Mr. Shioya has turned the tables.	Today, he is publisher of Business Tokyo magazine, the first English-language business magazine devoted to coverage of Japanese business.	1
So long as abortion was a question for litigation, not legislation, Republicans could find political security in absolutism.	They could attract one-issue voters by adopting the right-to-life movement's strongest position, even as pro-choice Republicans knew this mattered little on an issue monopolized by the court.	1
Despite their ubiquity, the consultants aren't entirely welcome.	the social scientists' vision of the American jury system as a far cry from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen.	1
Perhaps the biggest of those factors is its high ad prices.	When ad dollars are tight, the high page cost is a major deterrent for advertisers.	1
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, Nigel Lawson, resigned because Prime Minister Thatcher would not fire her trusted adviser Sir Alan Walters.	The opposition Labor Party leader, Neil Kinnock, in a display of the male chauvinism typical of the British lower class, denounced Mrs. Thatcher for having an independent mind and refusing to heed the men in her Cabinet.	0
Since peaking at 2791.41 on Oct. 9, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has lost 194.69 points, or 7%, closing Friday at 2596.72, down 17.01.	The number of issues falling on the New York Stock Exchange each day is eclipsing the number of gainers.	0
There's more and more of this cash-up-front going on at every level.	Dealers and auction houses "know if they don't lay out a half a million for this, another one will.	1
and it is important that Olivetti be one of the first out on the market with this product.	that in the past they have lagged at getting new technology to market.	1
But the Japanese insist upon Japanese managers everywhere they set up shop.	Do the Japanese feel so superior that they cannot find capable American managers.	1
underwriters also have been inept.	he and his fellow underwriters underestimated by as much as 50% the premiums they should have charged for property risks from 1980 to 1985.	0
Contracting for non-residential buildings rose 10% in September to an annualized $100.8 billion.	Commercial and industrial construction rose sharply, partly because of three large projects, each expected to cost more than $100 million.	0
Those activities generated $26.1 million in operating profit last year..But according to Great American, such profits don't count toward meeting the San Diego savings bank's new capitalization requirements under 1989 federal law.	The new real estate unit would have a separate capital structure to comply with the law.	1
Pension reform was its main thrust.	Labor and business leaders hailed its provisions for insuring corporate pension benefits.	0
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the 2.5% pace "good, solid growth," although he said he expects the expansion to slow in the fourth quarter.	Inflation is lower than I think people expected it to be, and I think that's good news.	0
The guys are going for their skis, their stereos, their personal computers.	The women wanted photo albums, a certain brooch, kind of sentimental things.	0
It means we're eating into the bread that keeps us going.	That is a little disturbing.	0
At that time, Sam Merksamer, president of the chain, angrily denied that his company was about to file.	Mr. Merksamer is leading the buy-out.	0
The landslide was fueled by panic that prevailed in India at the time.	Mrs. Gandhi had been assassinated by separatist Sikhs, and many Indians feared their country might split apart.	0
Mr. Baker hears her out, pokes around a bit, asks a few questions and proposes some explanations.	Of the self-starting vacuum cleaner, he says: "Could be Cuddles, {Mrs..Stinnett's dog}." The flying telephone: "You tangle the base cord around a chair leg, and the receiver does seem to fly off." The ghostly footsteps: "Interstate 64 is a block away, and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating.	0
A private farmer in Poland is free to buy and sell land, hire help, decide what to grow and how to grow it.	He is free to invest in chickens, and to fail for lack of chicken wire.	0
Paramount, which agreed to sell the unit in July, said it would realize net proceeds from the sale of $2.6 billion, with an after-tax gain of $1.2 billion.	Paramount said the gain would be recorded in its fourth quarter, which ended yesterday.	0
The Ministry of Agriculture and Fishery actually is a ministry for farmers and fishermen instead of a ministry of provisions.	The Ministry of Health and Welfare is a ministry of doctors and pharmaceutical companies rather than an organization dedicated to protecting the health of the people.	0
Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg's corn-based lines simply because they are made of oats.	They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now.	1
that when a writer uses quotation marks in reporting what someone has said, the reader assumes that these are the speaker's precise words or at least his words purged of "uh" and "you know" and grammatical error.	While judges have an obligation under the First Amendment to safeguard freedom of the press, "the right to deliberately alter quotations is not, in my view, a concomitant of a free press.	1
that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits.	Mr. Antar made more than $60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987.	0
Already, personnel officials are talking about the need for a "Phase Two" cultural-reform effort of some sort.	We are still only half way through the turnaround of this company, and there are many more things to do.	1
In terms of sheer brutality, the Somali regime of Siad Barre may rank as No. 1 in the world.	The only reason that Somalia remains in obscurity is numbers.	1
investors will favor companies that historically have posted annual earnings growth of 15% to 20%.	That would be good news for the OTC market because many small growth stocks are traded there.	1
Ever since the hotly contested America's Cup race last year, the famous yachting match has run into more rough sailing out of the water than in it.	Now that a key member of the San Diego Yacht Club team is splitting off to form his own team, even more competition lies ahead.	0
Investment letters now abound,.I really like to read them.	If I peruse enough, I've found.I've no time left to heed them.	0
But in the months since then he has shied away from talking about abortion.	What few comments he has initiated have been oblique.	0
In a matter of minutes, she was back, with a tall, silver-haired man in tow.	She crouched down by the car window and addressed her husband with her favorite nickname.	0
but they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the content, funding and goals of that work.	When a David Baltimore -- or the next target -- decides it is better to stand up to these forces, his fellow scientists would do well to recognize what is fundamentally at stake, and offer their public support.	1
Meanwhile, American Health Partners, publisher of American Health magazine, is deep in debt, and Owen Lipstein, founder and managing partner, is being forced to sell the magazine to Reader's Digest Association Inc.	Mr. Lipstein's absence from the meeting here raised speculation that the sale is in trouble.	0
Avoiding failure is easy.	It's unfortunate so many must learn the hard way.	1
The climate was right for the new FASB.	In the late 1960s some CPAs failed to correct such abuses as clients picking permissive rules that hyped earnings and stock prices.	1
and is insisting on the "elimination" of export subsides, not just reduction.	the U.S. plan "calls into question" the agreement reached by world negotiators last April in Geneva seeking "substantial progressive reductions in agricultural support and protection.	0
when he goes the runway could go too.	Considering how tenuous the security of that runway is anyway, the better option -- both morally and strategically -- would be for the Bush administration to blast the regime publicly, in terms clear enough for all influential Somalis to understand.	1
If the Paribas bid succeeds, it will be the second time in two months a big French investment banking group has snapped up an insurance group.	Last month, Paribas's archrival, Cie..Financiere de Suez, won a battle for Groupe Victoire, France's second-largest private-sector insurer.	0
As the yen soared in recent years, Sansui's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle.	While competitors moved production offshore in response to the sagging competitiveness of Japanese factories, Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia.	1
The round-trip fare to Havana is 410 Irish punts ($578.	Jamaica costs 504 punts.	0
But prosecutorial guidelines are effective only if someone at Justice is willing and able to supervise hyperactive prosecutors.	Judge Sentelle, of the appeals court in Washington, made this point at a Cato Institute conference last week in a remarkable speech titled, "RICO: The Monster That Ate Jurisprudence.	0
They are going to catch up.	Both Toshiba and NEC already produce hard-disk drives, and Sony also is studying the field.	1
Another -- and critical -- factor is the U.S., Hong Kong's biggest export market.	Even before the China crisis, weak U.S. demand was slowing local economic growth.	1
It's known for its cautiousness in part because it has had little need for bold overseas ventures.	In the year ended March 31, 57.4% of its total revenue came from office building management.	0
that the charter will force EC countries to adopt a single pattern in labor relations.	Workers and management would lose the "flexibility and diversity" that has so far allowed them to adapt to local conditions and traditions.	1
My vision is to change human consciousness towards touch.	My attitude is: Let's come out of the closet.	0
GM launched the Geo marque this year to sell cars made in partnership with foreign auto makers, and next year GM's long-awaited Saturn cars will make their debut.	Ford Motor Co. created the Merkur nameplate in 1985 to sell its German-made touring sedans in the U.S.	0
The defection of Deloitte's affiliates in Britain and the Netherlands to Coopers & Lybrand will make Coopers one of the biggest accounting firms in Europe, rivaling KPMG Peat Marwick there.	Although Coopers hasn't been courted by other major accounting firms for a merger, it is benefiting greatly from fallout from the Deloitte-Touche merger.	0
But service on the line is expected to resume by noon today.	We had no serious damage on the railroad.	1
Sony promptly countersued, charging Warner with trying to sabotage its acquisitions and hurt its efforts to enter the U.S. movie business.	The accusations of lying and duplicity are flying thick and fast on both sides.	0
that kind of performance is sustainable.	that in real terms, U.S. sales slipped 3 1/2% to 4% at company-operated stores in the quarter.	0
the ingot price "appears to have bottomed out.	shipments are continuing at a "healthy" pace and the company has no excess inventory.	0
It was "the Soviets' Vietnam." The Kabul regime would fall..Millions of refugees would rush home..A resistance government would walk into Kabul.	Those who bought that illusion are now bewildered.	0
The new goal of the Voting Rights Act -- more minorities in political office -- is laudable.	For the political process to work, all citizens, regardless of race, must feel represented.	1
If the battle continues much longer, many fast-food businesses will close or merge.	The industry is overbuilt.	1
Although working for U.S. intelligence, Mr. Noriega was hardly helping the U.S. exclusively.	During the Reagan years he expanded his business and intelligence contacts with the Cubans and the Sandinistas.	1
According to Teikoku Data Bank Ltd., which tracks company earnings, Aichi's revenue rose 15% to 49.3 billion yen ($348.4 million) in the year ended February.	Revenue doubled from two years ago.	0
The breezes are soft, the waves lap gently and the palm trees sway lazily.	Nightlife is plentiful.	0
The centers comprise a total of about 1.6 million square feet of retail space.	They are spread around the country and include locations in California, Florida, Washington and Arizona.	0
Mr. Blair and Hees have been feuding for months.	Yesterday's election was a sequel to Enfield's annual meeting in June when Mr. Blair disallowed proxies in favor of two Hees nominees.	0
but at age 52, the congressman is also a product of his times and losses.	He speaks for the death penalty as if reading from Exodus 21.	1
it had seemed to be engineering.	that it was consolidating manufacturing to cut costs and expected to be profitable in the fiscal first quarter.	0
A kind of no-mistakes mentality" had been stifling activity.	Now "everybody is a lot more optimistic.	0
But in either case, the report says, China's balance of payments would rapidly dry up foreign reserves, which are used to finance the imbalance.	In the first scenario, the reserves would be exhausted next year, and in the second they would be wiped out in 1991.	0
P&G and Unilever bring with them great experience with mundane products like soap and toilet paper, sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade; but they also bring mammoth marketing clout, sparking fear.	Though it is far from certain that companies best known for selling Promise margarine and Tide detergent will succeed in cosmetics, there's little doubt they will shake up the industry.	1
It is a maze of halls that connects film rooms, elaborate spas and weight-training centers that testify to a richer, more free-spending era.	He likes to tell the yarn of how he got lost on the expansive ranch during an early visit, took refuge in an office and called the front desk for help.	0
that the streamlining was temporary.	Other bills will be moving soon that are expected to carry many of the tax cuts.	1
The U.S. discovered the young Tony Noriega in late 1959, when he was in his second year at the Chorrillos Military Academy in Lima, according to former U.S. intelligence officials.	The contact occurred through Mr. Noriega's half-brother, a Panamanian diplomat based in Peru named Luis Carlos Noriega Hurtado..Luis Carlos, knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer, relayed Tony's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and, more important, among his officers and instructors.	0
expenses rose 4.5% to $2.73 billion from $2.61 billion, a $119 million increase.	Most of the higher costs were associated with acquisitions and growth in nonregulated business units.	0
the firm is meeting resistance from some big states, including New Jersey, New York, California, Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Missouri.	they don't want to simply accept the settlements offered by Drexel.	1
No wonder.	Nissan, Japan's second-largest auto maker and the world's fourth-largest, was getting beat up not only by its bigger rival, Toyota Motor Corp., but also by Honda Motor Co., the most successful Japanese car company in the U.S. but a relative pipsqueak in Japan.	1
In fact, Mr. Bush's dance was more wiggle than waffle.	the White House never wavered over the veto.	1
China's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony.	The two, Szeto Wah and Martin Lee, were deemed unfit because they had condemned China's crackdown on its pro-democracy movement.	0
Where does that first stimulus go.	Trying to answer that is suggesting all kinds of theories," such as precisely where and how the brain processes incoming signals from the eyes.	1
Once production hurdles are overcome, the chips could take over a significant part of the market.	In addition to not needing an outside power source, they are potentially cheaper to make because they require fewer manufacturing steps than conventional chips.	1
I care very much for this post.	Eight years I've had it.	1
But Pemex's courtship with private companies, and especially foreign ones, is controversial in a country where oil has been a symbol of national sovereignty since foreign oil holdings were nationalized in 1938.	They are preparing the workers for what's coming: foreign control," wrote Heberto Castillo, a leftist leader.	0
I don't want to give the impression that everybody can relax now.	We have to keep working at improving our core business to stay efficient.	0
Mr. Bush has pledged as well to respect the 14-year-old executive order barring U.S. agents from assassinating foreign leaders or helping others to do so.	Congress never fully trusted former CIA chief William Casey and National Security Adviser John Poindexter to honor the ban.	0
but simply to assert that the Constitution already implicitly gives him the power to exercise a line-item veto.	Such an assertion most likely would bring about a court challenge from Congress that would clarify whether a president already has such power.	0
that shaking its time-honored traditions will attract more young men and more women and change consumer perceptions about its range of merchandise.	We have men who only buy their shirts and underwear here or younger customers who only buy their {job} interview suit here.	1
most of the British diabetics who died had been taking a human-based insulin made by Novo/Nordisk, a Danish manufacturer.	None of the diabetics were using Lilly's insulin.	0
The most ruthless dictatorships have not censored their press more brutally than the drug mafias censor Colombia's.	The censorship is enforced through terrorism and assassination.	1
that Westmoreland's third quarter is typically better than the fourth.	One difference is that the fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of holidays and the hunting season.	1
On Friday, selling dominated the afternoon "curb" session in London.	The premium of cash copper to the three-month forward offerings narrowed, indicating weaker demand for cash copper.	0
Sam Ramirez and his men are late.	They pile out of their truck and furiously begin twisting together steel pipes linking a giant storage tank to the Sharpshooter, a freshly drilled oil well two miles deep.	1
He no longer crowds the plate.	He's not thinking about home runs anymore, just base hits.	0
A number of developments were negatively interpreted by traders.	December delivery gold fell $1.80 an ounce to $370.60.	1
Denied a vote on substance, the GOP leadership in the Senate on Friday morning was confronted with a hard choice.	It could throw in the towel and hope to win on capital gains late this month, or it could follow the White House strategy, to veto reconciliation unless capital gains was appended.	0
There certainly hasn't been a panic reaction.	People showed some staying power and, in fact, interest in buying equities.	0
Allied-Lyons, while powerful in whiskey, doesn't own any major white-spirit brands.	We will certainly have to take a look at" the Whitbread spirits business.	1
I just felt another aftershock a few seconds ago.	I'm just numb.	1
Circulation soared as the weekly went way beyond standard literary themes to cover Vietnamese society and its ills.	Readers were electrified by the paper's audacity and appalled by the dark side of life it uncovered.	0
That total would be important for Drexel.	The investment bank has previously announced that as part of its punishment it would create an independent foundation to promote ethical behavior in the securities industry..A proviso to that promise is that a minimum of 35 states reach settlement agreements before next Tuesday.	1
Conner's performance is closely tied to the burgeoning demand for battery-operated computers, the computer industry's fastest-growing segment.	Since its inception, Conner has both benefited from and helped make possible the rapid spread of portable computers by selling storage devices that consume five to 10 times less electricity than drives used in desktop machines.	1
Traders are already buckling their seat belts.	Previous monthly expirations of the Major Market Index futures and Standard & Poor's 100-stock index options have produced spectacular volatility.	1
Second, a long-term shareholder of a good company needn't worry too much when the stock price drops temporarily.	It will bounce back.	1
The buyers who work for the various Campeau chains may lose their jobs.	The stores they work for may be sold.	1
He also is an entertaining writer, combining wisecracks and wordplay with programmatic detail and lucid explanations of how computers work.	In "The Cuckoo's Egg" (Doubleday, 326 pages, $19.95), he spins a remarkable tale of his efforts over 18 months to catch a computer spy.	0
This isn't a technology issue, but an attitude issue.	We just haven't learned what it takes to compete.	0
One obstacle to the pilots' finding such a huge amount of cash is their insistence on majority ownership.	Investors such as Marvin Davis of Los Angeles who have sought airline ownership this year have insisted they, not the pilots, must have control.	1
Under the new terms, New World will still pay $540 million for Ramada's hotel business, subject to adjustment at closing, but Ramada will now reimburse New World for $10 million in expenses.	Prime will still manage Ramada's domestic franchise system when the sale closes.	0
But dry growing conditions in the Red River Valley of Minnesota and North Dakota are pushing spot prices of potatoes beyond what Michael contracted to pay last spring.	Company lawyers recently sent letters to growers saying that Michael "would take very seriously any effort . . . to divert its contracted-for potatoes to other outlets.	1
I'm thinking about using the $871 annual premium to finance a trip to Paris first.	A person can do some heavy thinking about insurance there -- and shop for something more exciting while she's doing it.	1
For people who can ride out market waves through good times and bad, stocks have been rewarding long-term investments.	that buy-and-hold investors historically have earned an annual return from stocks of 9% to 10%.	0
But it isn't clear why that should be so.	The spinoff argument, after all, reverses the current notion that assets are worth more to private buyers than to public shareholders.	1
The East German media soon began presenting Mr. Gorbachev's speeches only as sketchy summaries, and giving space to his opponents.	By late 1988, they were banning Soviet publications.	0
Texaco has also been attempting to sell oil properties.	At least two years ago, the company put 60 million barrels of oil reserves on the block.	0
that he expects the company to "benefit from some of the disruption faced by our competitors.	While our competitors are concerned with their financial viability and possible ownership changes, we will be concentrating on buying and selling merchandise our customers need and want.	1
Each hour of Olympics and baseball in prime time will cost CBS $2.6 million to $2.8 million.	an hour-long drama costs only $900,000.	0
Cincinnati Gas & Electric Co. tops the companies portion of the accompanying Insider Trading table this week.	Three of the utility's directors have at least doubled their holdings in the company since July.	1
Mercedes officials said they expect flat sales next year.	Erich Krampe, president of the U.S. sales arm of West German auto maker Daimler Benz AG, predicted luxury-car sales will rise to 840,000 in 1990 from 830,000 this year primarily because of the new Japanese makes.	0
but we know from the outset that he's not a member of the evil patriarchy.	How could he be.	1
The tentative agreement between the IRS and Nelson Bunker Hunt is awaiting U.S. Justice Department approval.	Under it, the former billionaire's assets would be liquidated with the IRS getting 80% of the proceeds and the rest being divided among other creditors.	0
Paul Lesutis blames futures markets for leading the way.	The fundamentals don't change in an hour.	1
It's a tough thing when you can't.	The reason doesn't relate to your selling skills.	1
They chance alienating the customers they hope to woo by looking like opportunistic sharks.	People see extra messages in advertising, and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it . . . if it's too transparent . . . then consumers will see through that.	0
Index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in futures -- is frequently blamed for adding to stock market volatility.	Although index arbitrage is said to add liquidity to markets, John Bachmann, managing partner of Edward D. Jones, says too much liquidity isn't a good thing.	1
because of damage to its terminal.	14 of its 21 gates were unusable.	0
Investors with a heavy tax load should take out their calculators.	Yields on municipal bonds can be higher than after-tax yields on CDs for maturities of perhaps one to five years.	1
Whereas most men were a bit ambivalent about the sex scandals (though they were furious about Recruit), women were upset about both and surged to the polls.	In the recent Upper House and Tokyo metropolitan congressional elections 60% of all women voted, as opposed to the usual 40%.	0
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them.	It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure.	1
Combustion reported improved profits in its automation and control products businesses, and it narrowed its losses in its public sector and environmental segment.	Power generation had higher sales but lower earnings.	0
Futures prices showed modest changes in light trading volume.	December delivery gold eased 40 cents an ounce to $380.80.	0
Each gram of cocaine consumed is a deadly bullet against those in our country and in the rest of the world who fight this terrible scourge.	A crusade of NO to the consumption of drugs is imperative.	1
Rather than printing devils, Shearson puts all the blame on the unpredictable stock market.	The plunge made Shearson's market commentary instantly out of date.	1
So go out there and eat that debt.	You're right there in the mainstream of American business, building value on the back of insupportable expenditures.	1
whose remarks came during a celebration in Costa Rica marking regional moves to democracy.	Ortega cited renewed attacks by the U.S.backed rebels.	0
several members of New York's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts that bring together sizable black, Hispanic, and non-Hispanic white populations.	To win their seats on the council, these political leaders have had to listen to all the voices in their district and devise public policies that would benefit all.	1
The expansion will set off a marketing war among the big hotel-casinos.	Las Vegas promises, or threatens, to become a giant carnival, with rooms to be had for $45 a day or less, for visitors uninspired solely by gambling.	1
and special consultants are springing up to exploit the new tool.	Blair Entertainment has just formed a subsidiary -- 900 Blair -- to apply the technology to television.	0
Buying was scattered across a wide range of issues.	With uncertainty still hanging over interest rates and the dollar, the market failed to find a focus that might lead to further investor commitments.	1
it has an option to lease a 350,000-square-foot building in Brantford and proposes to spend 24.5 million Canadian dollars (US$20.9 million) on the facility.	The three existing plants and their land will be sold.	0
Ford said then it would keep the Scorpio.	This year, Scorpio sales plummeted.	0
but one has to wonder what possible good such a resolution will achieve.	It puts great strain on a longstanding U.S. friendship with Turkey.	1
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad don't appear to worry the U.S., Japan's principal ally.	We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union," says a State Department official.	0
that a one million share buy-back program announced in March is substantially complete.	The company, which makes integrated circuits and other electronic parts, now has about 47 million common shares outstanding.	1
public opinion about Gen. Noriega is where it is in large measure because of my investigation of his years of involvement in narcotics smuggling (and simultaneous work as a U.S. operative.	The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism and Narcotics of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 8, 9, 10 and 11, 1988, and again on April 4, 1988.	0
that companies with real estate give "security.	The real estate can be used as guarantees for bank loans for corporate development.	1
that its real estate alone had a value of $4.5 billion.	Throw in its railroad, minerals, pipeline and oil assets and the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share.	1
Mr. Dinkins's position papers have more consistently reflected anti-development sentiment.	He favors a form of commercial rent control, which the financial community believes would make it more difficult to attract investment in the city.	0
Mr. Pilson is an unlikely big spender.	In the mid-1980s he sniped at rivals for paying reckless prices.	1
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO., San Francisco, railroad, annual sales of $2.41 billion, had only minor damage to headquarters and tracks, and expects to be fully operational tomorrow.	St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit halted all service Tuesday night but has since restored some freight lines and limited commuter service between San Francisco and San Jose.	0
Even after-hours drag.	karaoke" bars, where Japanese revelers sing over recorded music, are prohibited by Mexico's powerful musicians union.	1
But as astounding as the changes that have already occurred are, there is a fragility to glasnost.	Censorship isn't a Marxist invention.	1
The debentures, due in 2014, have a coupon of 7 3/4%, payable semiannually.	The debentures may be converted into common stock of the Westborough, Mass., home health care concern at $52.50 a share.	0
To avoid this deficit Mr. Lawson inflated the pound in order to prevent its rise.	This misguided policy could not prevent a British trade deficit.	0
One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened.	It is a considerably delayed reaction.	1
Still, predicting is tricky.	I'm forever dumbfounded by what I see making these high prices.	1
Bourbon makes up just 1% of world-wide spirits consumption, but it represented 57% of U.S. liquor exports last year, according to Jobson; no other category had more than 19%.	Big U.S. distillers are fiercely vying for this market, which grew to $77 million last year from $33 million in 1987, according to government figures.	1
For the nine months, AT&T said net income was $1.99 billion, or $1.85 a share, up 19% from $1.67 billion, or $1.56 a share.	Revenue gained 3.1% to $26.81 billion from $26 billion.	0
LONG-TERM care insurance gains favor.	More than half the people surveyed for the Employee Benefit Research Institute say they would be willing and able to pick up most of the cost of the coverage.	0
The whole notion of "creativity" in education was (and is) part and parcel of a romantic rebellion against disciplined instruction, which was (and is) regarded as "authoritarian," a repression and frustration of the latent talents and the wonderful, if as yet undefined, potentialities inherent in the souls of all our children.	It is not surprising that parents find this romantic extravagance so attractive.	1
Mr. Klein decided to remove himself to minimize "negative reaction" from prospective clients and others and to prepare for his defense.	The fact that he is in the process of defending himself against the present charges could conceivably have an adverse impact on Y&R.	1
and naturally rescissions are almost never approved.	In 1987, President Reagan sent 73 rescissions back to the Hill, but only 3% of the spending total was approved by Congress.	0
Stocks aren't cheap anymore, there have been some judicial and legislative changes in the merger area and all of this changes the arithmetic of deals.	I'm not saying they've stopped altogether, but future deals are going to be structured differently and bids probably won't be as high.	1
Eastern and its creditors agreed in July on a reorganization plan that called for the carrier to sell off $1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from Chapter 11 status in late 1989 at two-thirds its former size.	Eastern eventually decided not to sell off a major chunk, its South American routes, which were valued at $400 million.	0
Over the past two years, Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms, including Occidental Petroleum Co. and Combustion Engineering Inc. of the U.S., Montedison S.p..A. of Italy and several Japanese groups, about jointly building and operating several big petrochemical plants.	The plans have come under fire from Soviet environmentalists, and officials say many are likely to be scaled back or dropped.	0
Times have changed.	Rep. Byron Dorgan (D., N.D.) has introduced a bill in Congress, co-sponsored by Rep. Lee Hamilton (D., Ind.), that would put the treasury secretary back on the board.	0
It's not uncommon for these guys to send pictures of themselves or their families to ingratiate themselves to their clients.	We've seen cases where salesmen will affect the accent of the region of the country they are calling.	0
People hate to write.	Maybe people don't believe I want to give this money away.	0
Loan guarantees don't appear at all until the borrower defaults, so new guarantees do not raise the deficit, even though they create future liabilities for the government.	By converting an expenditure or loan to a guarantee, the government can ensure the same flow of resources and reduce the current deficit.	1
when you give an opening argument to your wife or a friend and get some response to it.	A shadow jury is a way to do that in a more systematic and organized way.	1
that this isn't a game for anyone with a weak stomach or wallet.	It's a big-risk business.	1
Share prices on the Frankfurt stock exchange closed narrowly mixed in quiet dealings after recovering most of their early losses.	The DAX index eased 0.99 point to end at 1523.22 after falling 5.5 points early in the session.	0
To start, there's always a crisis -- and someone always worries, "What if the press gets a hold of this.	At least once an episode we see protestors marching around screaming slogans.	0
The availability of timely assistance -- of a backstop -- can help markets retain their resilience.	The Fed already buys and sells foreign exchange to prevent disorderly conditions in foreign-exchange markets.	0
The U.S. government has never waivered in its assessment of this incident as an accident at a biological weapons facility there.	The Pentagon's recently issued "Soviet Military Power repeated the Sverdlovsk assessment.	1
that pre-trial freezing of assets is tantamount to a seizure of property without due process.	prosecutors not to seek forfeitures if there are "less intrusive" alternatives, such as bonds, and in any case not to seek forfeitures "disproportionate to the defendant's crime.	1
Why should I be part of that problem.	I've got limited production, and I can't give it to underperformers.	1
We hope to sensitize employers" to recognize the problems so they can do something about them.	Early intervention into these types of problems can apparently save businesses long-term expense associated with hospitalization.	1
He chastises Jo Franklin-Trout for her inept presentation of advocacy journalism, judging her project as "intellectually slipshod.	Was not the title very clear.	0
The energy of participating investors streamed into Tokyu Group shares.	that each Group company will buy the others' stocks to defend themselves against a rumored takeover.	1
Some analysts don't expect a quick revival of any takeover by the pilots.	The deal has so many moving parts.	1
One possible solution for Wall Street is to increase the equity part of the transaction -- that is, give lenders a bigger stake in the surviving company rather than just interest payments.	That would force the buy-out firm and the target company's management to reduce their level of ownership.	1
and has been eager to keep Showtime as a healthy competitor.	It is important to the cable industry that we have a vibrant and competitive pay-television marketplace.	1
You see these in just about every LBO.	It becomes a source of cash" for the company making the LBO because it gets a deduction and doesn't have to repay the debt for several years.	1
It's also a fast fix for an ailing image.	flashy sports as the only way the last-place network can cut through the clutter of cable and VCRs, grab millions of new viewers and tell them about other shows premiering a few weeks later.	1
From a cash flow point of view, British Airways is better off not being in United Airlines in the short term.	It gives them some cash in the back pocket for when they want to do something.	0
its GE Nuclear Energy unit, with 1,600 Bay-area employees, had only minor damage at its San Jose headquarters.	Business wasn't disrupted.	1
One night both Marshall's ghost and the shah's ghost together caught Cap and threw him to the ground.	Before they let him go he added a thousand bureaucrats to the RDF in Tampa and renamed it Central Command.	1
African art was in vogue and some intellectuals were writing breathlessly of a dawning age to be inspired by blacks.	To be exotic was to be patronized as well as prized, but for the most part Paris was a friendly island in a racist world.	1
major rivals, Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. "have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months" on their premium brands, pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser's Budweiser label in many markets.	it's discounting policy basically would involve matching such moves by rivals on a market-by-market basis.	1
it has been "unfairly associated" with other banks in New England that have had major loan losses in recent quarters.	its People's Savings Bank unit doesn't have a "large exposure to construction and commercial loans that have caused the loan-loss problems in many of the banks.	1
the fund's 25% leverage has jacked up its interest income.	As long as I am borrowing at 9.9% and each {bond} yields over that, it enhances the yield.	1
Once fat and happy, the Cowboys now are losing games, fans and money.	Last year, the team ended up $2 million in the red on $30 million in revenue.	0
We don't just hand the customer the package.	That's just the beginning.	1
Today, trading in almost any commodity can be diverted from U.S. markets with just a few strokes of a keyboard..All foreign markets are aggressively courting U.S. business..In fact, several London markets already offer lower costs for trading in the same or very similar contracts.	The U.S. exchanges need both market integrity and cost-efficiency; long-term growth depends on it.	1
Such tests make the FAA confident that a Sioux City-type accident "won't happen again.	that the company has been working with the FAA all along on this issue and "will comply fully with the required inspections.	0
The bill's managers face criticism, too, for the unusual number of conditions openly imposed on where funds will be spent.	Conservatives, embarrassed by Republican influence-peddling scandals at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, have used the issue in an effort to shift blame onto a Democratic-controlled Congress.	1
The only material support it is extending to the struggling U.S. industry is $30 million in awards from the Pentagon's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.	The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what Japan and other prospective competitors are spending.	0
Within three weeks of the 1975 end to fixed rates there were all-out price wars among brokers fighting for institutional business, with rate slashes of 35% to 60% below pre-May 1 levels.	the "breadth and depth of the discounting is more than I expected.	0
But by the time Solidarity took office in September, the damage was done.	Shortageflation," as economists have come to call it, had gone hyper.	1
This month, HUD Secretary Jack Kemp unveiled a series of proposed reforms to improve management at HUD.	No doubt many of his ideas are worthy, but ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more fairly and efficiently.	0
Even some House Banking Committee members could suffer from the fallout.	Mr. Keating raised $20,000 for Rep. Doug Barnard's 1986 re-election campaign while the Georgia Democrat was taking his side against regulators who wanted to curb risky investments and wholesale deposit brokering.	1
the market to be "very choppy" for a while.	There's a lot of uncertainty out there, and it will cause a lot of swings.	0
Both companies are conservative marketers that rely on extensive market research..P&G, in particular, rarely rolls out a product nationally before extensive test-marketing.	Both can be extremely aggressive at pricing such products as soaps and diapers -- to the extent that some industry consultants predict cents-off coupons for mascara could result from their entry into the field.	0
Never mind.	You already know the answer.	1
In this sense, a teacher can be compared to one's family doctor.	If he were brilliant, he probably would not be a family doctor in the first place.	1
Most of the allegations no longer pending were ethics charges withdrawn by state prosecutors as part of a pre-trial agreement.	The heart of the case -- "official oppression" -- remains intact.	0
Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by flat or negative industrial growth, rising unemployment and a widening budget deficit.	Unless the government suddenly reverses course, wages for most workers won't keep pace with inflation.	1
LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications.	McCaw, which dropped 2 1/2 to 37 3/4, has offered $125 a share for a majority of LIN's shares.	0
But the 49-year-old Mr. Pilson is hardly a man to ignore the numbers.	A Yale law school graduate, he began his career in corporate law and then put in years at Metromedia Inc. and the William Morris talent agency..In 1976, he joined CBS Sports to head business affairs and, five years later, became its president.	1
they were as surprised as anyone by the Cypress destruction.	previous earthquakes suggested that multiple-column viaducts would stand up well.	1
IBM's push is also unusual in its approach to marketing.	Rather than just send out marketing people to knock on customers' doors, IBM is making several hundred of its own manufacturing people available to discuss specific needs.	1
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 170,330,000 shares.	Declining issues on the Big Board were far ahead of gainers, 1,108 to 416.	0
Recently, they have appeared every few weeks in talk-show type videos, countering pro-union arguments.	In one video, Mr. Smith defended his agreement to merge the pilot-seniority lists.	0
The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics.	While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower, they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9%.	1
but Congress blinked before it could go to court.	After the HUD and S&L stories broke, some Congressmen began to worry that their influence peddling at executive-branch and independent agencies might some day get them in trouble.	1
third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share.	In the third quarter last year, Dell had net income of $5 million, or 26 cents a share, on sales of $75.2 million.	0
Where the hell are they gonna live when people like you turn the world into a big toxic waste dump.	You're the real criminal here . . . and what you did wasn't just a murder -- it was a crime against humanity.	1
such tensions will dissipate quickly.	If I can show signs of maturity, almost anybody can.	1
Before July, pro-choice voters could safely make political decisions without focusing narrowly on abortion.	Now, the threat of further restrictions adds a new dimension, bringing an upsurge in political activity by abortion-rights forces.	0
that a good college will cost so much by whenever you want it that the tried and true won't do anymore.	Forget about Treasury bills or a money-market fund.	1
Tandy has added several new products to that line, including a laptop computer priced around $1,000, and is focusing its advertising on the easy-to-use software that is packaged with its machines.	all those moves will combine to help Tandy's results improve in the important Christmas quarter.	1
MCI Communications, the most active issue, finished down 5/8 to 42 1/8.	MCI traded as low as 41 3/8 during the session.	0
Nevertheless, Salomon's stock fell $1.125 yesterday to close at $23.25 a share in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	October wasn't as good as the third quarter.	1
Mr. Dinkins's inner circle of advisers appears to include both ideologues and pragmatists.	The key man seems to be the campaign manager, Mr. Lynch.	0
At times, salesmen may embellish the inside information with "the notion that this is some slightly shady, slightly illegal investment the person is being included in.	In appealing to those with a bit of larceny in their hearts, the fraud artist can insist that a person keep an investment secret -- insulating himself from being discovered and keeping his victim from consulting with others.	1
an industry "wash" is in progress.	Clubs need to be run like restaurants where every square foot makes a dollar.	1
As it is, we identify national goals and the threats to these goals, we shape a strategy to counter these threats, we determine the forces needed to execute the strategy, before finally forging the budgets needed to build and maintain the forces.	These procedures consume millions of man-hours of labor and produce tons of paper, and each year, their end product -- the Five Year Defense Plan -- promptly melts away.	0
Sen. Lloyd Bentsen (D., Texas) was outraged after a private word to John Motley, lobbyist for the National Federation of Independent Business, resulted in a news release saying that the Senate Finance Committee chairman would recommend repeal of Section 89.	Even though the announcement was true in the end, it was issued without the senator's permission.	1
Mr. Katz advocates issues with low price-earnings ratios.	Low P-E" stocks vastly outperform others "during a recession or bear market.	1
but monthly changes in this measure are even less reliable than those in other economic indicators.	Because the figures are based on a small sample, the department said it is 90% confident only that new-home sales fell somewhere between 5% and 23% during the month.	1
While Utah is not yet a haven for environmentalism, public views toward the environment have significantly improved.	In one of the most conservative, Republican states in the entire nation, the greening of Robert Redford's neighbors is the real story that Mr. Tomsho missed.	1
Another concern is liquidity.	The secondary, or resale, market for asset-backed securities is relatively new and much less active than for Treasury issues.	0
Money could be added to a pending spending bill covering the Federal Emergency Management Agency.	More likely, relief funds could be added to an omnibus spending bill that Congress is to begin considering next week.	0
People on fixed incomes get a break at Espre.	over 55 wins a 45% discount at Anaheim Imperial Health Spa.	0
The 60-vote requirement will be there and they don't have the 60 votes.	They don't have the votes to get it passed.	0
It's possible to have a 10% default rate in one year, because we're already seeing big problems in the midst of a pretty strong economy.	I'm certainly not comfortable saying we've seen the bottom.	1
The man-made inferno will tower over a man-made lagoon with more than four acres of pools, grottoes and waterfalls.	Visitors, whisked from the Strip on a moving walkway, will glide over a habitat for rare white tigers, which will star in performances by the famed illusionist team of Siegfried & Roy.	0
the brokerage service will be directed at individual investors who want to buy foreign and domestic stocks.	It's an attractive market with good growth opportunities.	0
Banco Popular just kept waiting.	They got a transaction that's good for both companies.	0
the notification requirement didn't affect his decision to lend only minor support to this month's Panama coup effort.	No notification was ever considered.	0
The malaise has created a nostalgic longing for the uncomplicated days of the mid-1980s.	People come to us saying they'd like to be back where they were a few years ago, in a more collegial atmosphere, with less tension," says Stephen Waterhouse, managing director of Hanover Partners Ltd., a financial district head-hunting firm.	0
With stocks not a major focus, "we're waiting for the next guiding light.	If the stock market tremors are behind us, then the bond market will go back to looking at the next batch of economic numbers to determine" where interest rates are heading.	1
Mr. Berry, 58, had resigned after being asked by Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer, Kenneth Roman, to give up his title as creative head of the New York office and to take a fuzzier international role.	Yesterday, just a day after Mr. Roman announced he would leave to take a top post at American Express, WPP said Mr. Berry would return to take an international role at the parent company.	0
It can backfire because companies can step across the line and go too far, be too pushy.	The ultimate form of charity is when you don't tell anyone.	1
and incorporating far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market.	The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $124,875, and the bill gives the Department of Housing and Urban Development new authority to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners.	0
Mr. Nahas yesterday blamed his predicament on the president of the Sao Paulo stock exchange.	a few days before Mr. Nahas's failure, the exchange raised the required margin on stock-margin transactions.	1
Mr. Pearce has also encouraged his staff to work more closely with GM's technical staffs to help prevent future litigation.	GM lawyers have been working with technicians to develop more uniform welding procedures.	0
Bethlehem is also working with the United Steelworkers union to consolidate BethForge's two machine shops and four heat-treatment facilities of the press-forge operations.	Once the consolidation is complete, Bethlehem plans to concentrate its forgings business on nuclear fabrication, hardened steel and large-diameter steel rolls for rolling mills and selected custom-die applications.	0
the Mirage and other projects will help Las Vegas attract a whole new generation of visitors.	If you create a wonderment, if you create something so exciting that the public dreams of being part of it, then they'll come.	1
the market gyrations could delay the actions well into the second half.	We aren't forced sellers.	1
People are placing small bets.	There's no huge buying.	0
Net interest income for the third quarter declined to $35.6 million from $70.1 million a year ago..However, non-interest income rose to $23.5 million from $22 million.	Third-quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $663 million from $1 billion a year ago.	0
That's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package.	Again, no free lunch.	1
The fact that the city will issue such a large amount of debt was interpreted as a sign that New York's budgetary problems are more serious than had been expected.	New York, one of the nation's largest issuers of tax-exempt bonds, sold $750 million of municipal bonds just a few weeks ago.	0
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home.	that a meeting with the leader of the U.S. could help bolster his stature among Soviet politicians and academics, whose support he needs.	1
Many states already have Enterprise Zones and legislation that combines tax incentives, loans, and grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed and minorities.	These programs could be expanded to focus on funds for project planning, identifying sources of funds, and for acquiring a site and preparing it.	1
I find it very difficult to say that.	Sometimes at a reception or cocktail party I advance these views and people head for somebody else.	1
Nissan instead has kept its new Stanza a bit smaller than that and cut the base price 6%.	at $11,450, Stanza prices start $749 below the predecessor model yet have a more-powerful engine.	1
He quotes one student saying, "You're just the kind of Jewboy we Southerners can't stand.	that it was partly in response to such attitudes that he is now "a dweller on one of the two islands off the coast of America.	1
Exxon's profitability, like that of many other oil companies, was hurt during the third quarter by declining returns from the chemicals and refining and marketing businesses.	Exxon's earnings from chemicals operations fell $90 million, to $254 million, while refining and marketing profits declined $180 million, to $357 million.	0
which obediently assists the natural motions of the capitalist economy with charity in the form of cuts in the capital-gains tax rate or bailouts.	The consequence can be inflation, brought on as the effect of a desperate bid to avoid the deflationary shock of a sudden crash.	0
Not surprisingly, she quickly adapted to the American way.	Three months after she arrived in L.A. she spent $120 she didn't have for a hat.	0
Earlier this year, Penney abandoned another home shopping venture, Telaction Corp., after investing $106 million in it.	The company took a $20 million charge in the fiscal first quarter ended April 29, related to discontinuing the service.	1
Companies that actually market speed as part of their service train their managers to lead and participate in teams that increase speed and improve quality in everyday operations.	Managers learn to spot opportunities to increase customer satisfaction through speed, and shift some responsibility for analyzing, improving and streamlining work processes from themselves to teams of employees.	1
In this year's third quarter, for example, net was $10.5 million, or $1.05 a share, compared with $10.3 million, or $1.02 a share, a year earlier.	Assets as of Sept. 30 fell to $2.46 billion from about $2.77 billion.	0
the president is in a commanding position for at least this year.	Unless he changes, they lose.	1
Not only did Mr. Ortega's comments come in the midst of what was intended as a showcase for the region, it came as Nicaragua is under special international scrutiny in anticipation of its planned February elections.	Outside observers are gathering in Nicaragua to monitor the registration and treatment of opposition candidates.	0
The ritzy world of department-store cosmetics retailing, where Unilever is concentrating its efforts, may prove even more treacherous.	In this niche, makeup colors change seasonally because they are linked to ready-to-wear fashions.	1
The magazine is strong.	It's simply the right time to do what we are doing.	0
Everything is up for grabs.	It appears as though the whole thing is wide open again.	0
that a representative's duty was to speak not for the narrow interests of one group but instead for the common good.	Large, heterogeneous election districts would encourage good government because a representative would be compelled to serve the interests of all his constituents and be servile to none.	1
The blasts blew out windows, spewed debris for miles and crumpled the ceiling in an area elementary school.	The initial fireball was caught by cameras in downtown Houston, about 10 miles away.	0
The new gritty game became a money maker for Wall Street's once austere old-name houses.	Inco paid Morgan an advisory fee of about $250,000, a paltry figure by today's measures.	1
There may be forces that would delay this scenario.	Ideologues are the last to surrender, and Germans are an ideological people.	0
who calls him such.	his own words reveal this psychological profile.	0
In the past, you just wore Fruit of the Loom and didn't care.	The high score reflects the attempts to make underwear more of a fashion image business for both men and women.	1
The New York Stock Exchange is losing its cool here.	The new stock baskets "are going to make it easier for program trading to be done.	1
The junk bond market is being taken apart" because of recession fears.	Under this scrutiny, the first thing you do is sell your cyclical stocks and the second thing you do is sell your over-leveraged companies.	1
U.S. interests occasionally try to impose barriers to the import of another important Colombian export -- cut flowers -- into the American market.	A just price and an open market for what Colombian produces and exports should be the policy of the U.S.	0
Consumers would still be able to buy some food and household goods at subsidized prices, but luxury and imported items, including food, would be sold at market prices.	Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories: raw materials sold at fixed prices close to world levels; government-set procurement prices for a small number of key products; and free prices for everything else to be determined by contracts between suppliers and purchasers.	0
The New York Stock Exchange has vested interests" in its big member securities firms "that cloud its objectivity.	It has never been interested in what we think.	1
Already, USX Corp. and Armco Inc. are studying Nucor's technology to see if they can adopt it.	It's damn worrisome.	0
PLO chief Arafat is getting cold feet and may back off from his recent moderation and renunciation of terrorism.	He is under intense fire from other Palestinian groups.	1
Trelleborg's internationally traded "Bfree" series stock plunged SKr29 ($4.48) to SKr205 ($31.65) in volatile trading Monday in Stockholm.	Tuesday, the shares regained SKr20, closing at SKr225.	0
I guess I might have asked Beauregard to leave, but he drops so many good names, we decided to let him stay.	After all, Warhol was the ultimate namedropper, dropping five a day in his diaries.	1
Further, many institutions today holding troubled retailers' debt securities will be reticent to consider additional retailing investments.	It's called bad money driving out good money.	0
In the first nine months, 1,977 transactions were announced, up 15% from 1,716 in the year-earlier period.	Transactions in which prices were disclosed totaled $188.1 billion, up 15% from $163.2 billion a year earlier.	0
And perhaps with good reason.	Every time 24 hours pass without any advertising reinforcement, brand loyalty will diminish ever so slightly -- even for a powerful brand like Budweiser.	1
In over-the-counter trading Friday, Jayark was quoted at 87.5 cents bid, down 15.625 cents.	At the market price, the transaction has a total indicated value of $7.4 million.	1
the woman has "psychic burns" on her back from the confrontation.	She declines to show them.	0
the Chicago & North Western offering was restructured in part because "several large insurance buyers right now are demanding equity as part of the package.	If you're going to take the risk in this market, you want something extra.	1
Then you get a bidding war between two very rich, very determined international companies.	Jaguar's share price could zoom to between #8 and #10 ($12.60 to $15.80.	1
CD yields are generally expected to fall further in coming weeks.	What happened in the stock market and the bigger trade deficit" reported yesterday "make it unlikely that short-term interest rates will rise" any time soon.	1
Warner Communications Inc. has filed a $1 billion breach-of-contract suit against Sony and the two producers.	Warner has a five-year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio.	1
Further, I think Mr. Knight made a poor choice in picking "A Fish Called Wanda" as an example of the deplorable state of modern comedy movies.	The specific scene he mentions in which pet dogs are crushed is somewhat reminiscent of the continual plights that befall the coyote in the old Warner Bros. "Road Runner" cartoons.	1
that since some larger banks have already taken loss provisions for loans to other Third World nations, further write-offs could be viewed as intolerable.	They can't take the hit" to their earnings.	1
Since 1986, when Spain joined the European Community, its gross domestic product has grown at an annual average of 4.6% -- the fastest in the EC.	In that time more than 1.2 million jobs have been created and the official jobless rate has been pushed below 17% from 21%.	0
Keep your Thomas Jeffersons, or St. Augustines or Michelangelos.	I'd take baseball's Flying Scot without hesitation.	1
The loss in Comprehensive Care's latest quarter is equal to 46 cents a share.	In the year-earlier quarter, Comprehensive Care earned $1.6 million, or 18 cents a share.	0
USAir, for example, blamed some of its loss on merger expenses and on disruptions caused by Hurricane Hugo last month.	We cannot quantify the total adverse effects of Hugo.	0
But as advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency, they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause.	They chance alienating the customers they hope to woo by looking like opportunistic sharks.	1
The major reason: heavy outflows from high-risk, high-yield junk bond funds.	Big withdrawals from the junk funds have continued this month.	0
they, too, fared as well as could be expected.	Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory had only "superficial damage.	0
Wednesday's report from the purchasing agents will be watched to see if the index maintains a level below 50%, as it has for the past couple of months.	A reading of less than 50% indicates an economy that is generally contracting while a reading above 50% indicates an economy that's expanding.	1
his charisma and popularity among the many former military fliers could be tough to beat.	A lot of people are identifying a vote for representation as a vote against Fred Smith.	0
(Europe had proved even less hospitable than North America.	European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions.	1
In other words, environmentalism has created a whole set of vested interests that fare better when there are many problems than when there are few.	That tends to tilt the public debate toward "solutions" even when some of the most knowledgeable scientists are skeptical about the seriousness of the threats and the insistence of urgency.	1
This employer embodies all that I find noble and admirable.	I will hereafter devote myself to serving him.	1
The House is scheduled to vote today on an anti-airline-takeover bill that would block, for up to 50 days, any bid for 15% or more of a U.S. airline, even a straight cash purchase.	Transportation Secretary Sam Skinner now says the bill would further disturb the jittery capital markets.	0
Here is a good rule of thumb: If the movement produced the leader, the chance that he is sincere is much greater than if the leader produced the movement.	In either case, ask yourself whether you have become better informed on the issues under protest by watching the act of civil disobedience.	0
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker, Ornette Coleman, Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez, with pictures for the Douglas pieces.	It was enjoyable to hear accomplished jazz without having to sit in a smoke-filled club, but like the first half, much of it was easy to take and ultimately forgettable.	0
This is virgin territory, unclaimed, and it's going to be nasty.	Neither is going to back down easily.	1
Total truck production fell 22% from a year earlier to 315,546 units.	Minitruck production fell 13% to 94,243 units.	0
It's an explosive cocktail" thrown at the world, says Kenneth Courtis, senior economist at the Tokyo unit of Deutsche Bank Group.	The Ministry of International Trade and Industry is so concerned that it recently took the unusual step of urging Japanese auto companies to exercise caution in capital spending.	0
But Sotheby's, Christie's and the National Association of Antique Dealers are still trying to get theirs.	They have sent a letter to congressional tax-writers asking that gains from the sale of collectibles also be given preferential treatment.	1
Most of the new additions were barely profitable, if not outright loss makers.	Applying prowess gained during earlier stints at appliance maker AB Electrolux, Mr. Andersson and a handful of loyal lieutenants aggressively stripped away dead wood -- and got quick results.	1
There is no way to get an ambulance in quickly to move him to a hospital.	He dies.	1
I'm surprised we didn't see more volatility" in stocks.	I think the problems in the junk-bond area are just beginning, and this will be very unsettling for companies that have issued junk bonds.	1
We issue paper money; we destroy paper money.	The coin is their problem.	0
I take these pronouncements with a grain of salt.	In an era of `sound bites' and instant opinion polls it is dangerous to apply broad labels to a single term.	1
it will report a write-off of $2.5 million, or seven cents a share, for its fourth quarter ended yesterday.	transaction costs from its 1988 recapitalization as a result of a $160 million restructuring of its bank debt.	1
For the nine months, Honeywell reported earnings of $212.1 million, or $4.92 a share, compared with earnings of $47.9 million, or $1.13 a share, a year earlier.	Sales declined slightly to $5.17 billion.	0
the divergence between the stock and bond markets is a sign of growing unease about the economic outlook.	A sinking economy depresses corporate earnings and thus stock prices, but it buoys bond prices as interest rates fall.	1
His credibility is also on the line in the investment community.	Until the collapse of this bid, Mr. Wolf was regarded as one of the nation's savviest airline executives after engineering turnarounds of Tiger International Inc. and Republic Airlines.	1
The ferocious competition probably will drive some poorly managed properties into bankruptcy or new ownership.	It has happened before.	0
In 1900, for instance, less than 8% of assets went into bank deposits.	That rose to nearly 18% during the Depression.	0
British government bonds surged on renewed volatility in the stock market.	The Treasury 11 3/4% bond due 2003/2007 rose 23/32 to 112 10/32 to yield 10.03%.	0
Pennzoil is rumored to be accumulating a stake in Chevron in order to push for a revamping of the company.	investor Carl Icahn has recently increased his stake in USX, which separately reported earnings that were in line with expectations.	0
In 1972, then Treasury Secretary George Shultz, with the key support of Sen. Carl Curtis, sought some form of pensions for the uncovered.	That year a four-man group headed by William Lieber in the Legislation and Regulations division of the Office of the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service, was assigned the task of designing a plan.	1
Howell, a Port Washington, N.Y., construction concern, was established in 1891.	It has three U.S. branches.	0
Now 48 years old, Ms. Volokh has definite ideas about what she wants.	At Movieline, she wants "specific paragraphing, specific tone, a specific attitude -- bright and bold and tongue-in-cheek.	0
Along the way, Mr. Tharp omitted a total of $1.5 million from his receipts reported on federal tax returns for three years.	The returns landed in the hands of an Internal Revenue Service criminal investigator, Samuel James Baker.	0
And they're leaning more toward fixed income, whose returns after tax have trailed tuition increases.	I'm not sure they're going to make it work.	1
The best baseball teams win six of 10 games and the worst win four of 10.	that several recent champions of the world according to us (as in U.S.) might not have ranked No. 1 in many polls.	1
It took me a half-hour to move 10 feet from my parking spot in an outer lot to an aisle, and an additional hour to reach an inner roadway a half-block away.	The six-mile trip to my airport hotel that had taken 20 minutes earlier in the day took more than three hours.	0
Many of the RJR securities bounced back after the company's announcement that it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth, Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle Foods, a unit of the Swiss-based food concern.	The sale, expected to close before the end of the year, also includes a manufacturing plant in Franklin Park, Ill.	0
Naturally, the principals' union loves building tenure, and tenure has withstood previous challenge.	We suggest that Mr. Fernandez find an incompetent principal, toss him out of the building and let the forces of the status quo explain to the parents whatever it is they're defending.	1
They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70% from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 24, 25, 29, 30 and 31, and Jan. 4, 5 and 6.	The promotions put round-trip fares at $98, $148 and $198.	1
With a market order, an investor tells a broker to buy or sell "at the market.	It's like saying, "get me in now" or "get me out now.	1
It was the first time anyone had showed that the loss of both copies of the same gene could lead to the eruption of a cancer.	It was extraordinarily satisfying.	1
Thus the conclusion is that the burden rests with management to understand/adopt the culture and philosophy of the country in which they are operating.	The workers can be motivated, and the company reach its full potential, only when management embraces the employees' perspective.	1
Wednesday, it will unveil a $7 million refurbishing at its flagship store on Madison Avenue.	With newly installed escalators, the store retains its signature wood-and-brass look but is less intimidating.	0
Older people help profits by filling in "downtime.	and are going to cross real soon.	1
Red Delicious has been overplanted, and its prices have dropped below the cost of production.	The scare over Alar, a growth regulator that makes apples redder and crunchier but may be carcinogenic, made consumers shy away from the Delicious, though they were less affected than the McIntosh.	0
Which is what the Old Guard fears.	they'll formulate a reform that will be a recipe for the GDR's future as a separately identifiable state.	1
Bob Stone stewed over a letter from his manager putting him on probation for insubordination.	Mr. Stone thought the discipline was unfair.	1
The growth of Las Vegas tourism in recent years persuades lenders that they will.	Casino revenues and hotel occupancy rates are high.	0
The government probably wouldn't give in readily to a hostile foray by Ford, however.	It has relinquished a golden share only once before -- during British Petroleum Co. 's #2.5 billion ($4 billion) takeover of Britoil PLC in 1988.	1
so for cancer to arise, both copies must be impaired.	A person who is born with one defective copy of a suppressor gene, or in whom one copy is damaged early in life, is especially prone to cancer.	1
that healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25% to 30%.	Troubled chains could see their sales drop as much as 8% as managers distracted by fears about the future allow their stores to get sloppy.	0
I trusted in his lordship's wisdom.	I can't even say I made my own mistakes.	1
Yamaichi said its pretax profit increased 8.9% to 117.94 billion yen from 108.28 billion yen..Operating profit rose 5.3% to 279.75 billion yen from 265.79 billion yen.	Net income surged 21% to 55.59 billion yen from 46.02 billion yen.	0
Businessmen took their cue from the engineers.	When Congress finally passed the Metric Conversion Act in 1975, industry was far ahead.	1
NBC has been able to charge premium rates for this ad time.	but to be about 40% above regular daytime rates.	0
It's an overwhelming job.	There are so many possible proportions when you consider how many things are made out of eggs and butter and milk.	1
These are real costs.	Under what weights will the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation totter.	1
They were either too small or uneconomic to maintain.	Not all of those parcels have yet been sold.	0
Shaw Industries, which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries' carpet operations for an undisclosed price, rose 2 1/4 to 26 1/8.	Armstrong added 1/8 to 39 1/8.	0
Everytime we talked about Blinder International, {people} thought it was the brokerage house.	the change wasn't related to the brokerage's recent troubles.	0
It isn't surprising that Messrs..Roderick and Corry view steel so differently.	While Mr. Roderick was reared in the shadows of Pittsburgh's smoking mills, Mr. Corry grew up in Cincinnati, a city nicknamed "Porkapolis" and more accustomed to pork chops than pig iron.	1
the proliferation "nameplate mania.	the number of automobile choices is causing stress among consumers today, and that people will simply ignore new models that lack a well-defined image.	0
the action "won't really have any effect on us.	We aren't selling bonds right now, and I don't think it will affect the value of our existing bonds.	1
According to some of the grand panjandrums of the market, it never happened.	In their lexicon the 508-point collapse in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 19, 1987, was just a big blip.	0
As long as we believe that all Americans, of every race and ethnic background, have common interests and can live together cooperatively, our political map should reflect our belief.	Racial gerrymandering -- creating separate black and white districts -- says that we have discarded that belief in our ability to live together and govern ourselves as one people.	0
Rep. Oakar, a Democrat from Cleveland, wants a $6.9 million grant so Cleveland can build an 18-story Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.	it'd create 600 jobs and bring Cleveland tourist revenue.	1
Still, any change in East Germany has enormous implications, for both East and West.	It raises the long-cherished hopes of many Germans for reunification -- a prospect that almost equally alarms political leaders in Moscow, Washington and Western Europe.	0
it would be a great tool for curbing the budget deficit and slicing the lard out of government programs.	He wants it now.	1
For example, legal restrictions on interstate banking once inhibited the supply of credit to the agricultural sector.	Farm lending was enacted to correct this problem by providing a reliable flow of lendable funds.	1
The Thousand Oaks, Calif.-based biotechnology company reported a 97% increase in revenue to $42.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 30.	In the year-ago period, Amgen reported net income of $320,000, or two cents a share, on revenue of $21.5 million.	0
Last week's discerning audience gave a bigger hand to a greenhouse than to the tenor Neil Shicoff.	Inexplicably costumed as a rabbinical student, tottering around on lifts, Mr. Shicoff hardly seemed the fellow to catch a fancy cocotte's eye.	0
Mr. Maynard initially won approval for his machine to be used at egg-processing facilities regulated by the USDA's Food Safety Inspection Service.	Unfortunately for Mr. Maynard, another branch of the USDA, the Agricultural Marketing Service, was in charge of eggs.	0
Money isn't the only thing that makes her dump once favorite brands.	After she heard about the artery-clogging hazards of tropical oils in many cookies, she dropped Pepperidge Farm and started buying brands free of such oils.	0
but rescinding the executive order is not the same thing as saying the U.S. should start passing out exploding cigars.	The world being the nasty place it is, we want Presidents to have the freedom to order operations in which someone might get killed.	1
Officials expect difficulty routing traffic through downtown San Francisco.	The earthquake caused many streets to buckle and crack, making them impassible.	1
that discretionary power could have an impact on the markets if rumors were to circulate about when the exchanges might be closed.	that the president already has the power to close the markets in an emergency.	0
However, on balance, the charity game helps America.	If those who have the money don't get involved with the museums and the charities, then City Hall will do it, badly.	1
The precious metals sector outgained other Dow Jones industry groups by a wide margin for the second consecutive session.	Hecla Mining rose 5/8 to 14.	0
A bid against Paribas couldn't be ruled out.	France's second-largest government-owned insurance company, Assurances Generales de France, has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake, currently thought to be between 8% and 10%.	1
Yesterday, the benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 102 18/32 to yield 7.89%, compared with 102 9/32 to yield 7.93% on Monday.	The latest 10-year Treasury was quoted at 100 22/32 to yield 7.88%, compared with 100 17/32 to yield 7.9%.	0
All three major creditors -- the IRS, Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover -- voted against and effectively doomed a reorganization plan proposed by Mr. Hunt.	A reorganization plan proposed jointly by the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover was stalled by a negative vote from Minpeco.	0
He pampers them; he invites them to fabulous parties.	he strokes them.	0
But the new commercials deal with it indirectly by showing a woman smiling as she tries to get up from a fall.	We wanted to show it's okay if you fall.	1
his organization urged trucking firms to halt all deliveries into the Bay area yesterday, except for emergency-medical supplies.	Some foodstuff shipments will probably resume Thursday.	0
Some of the projects being funded by the new issues are the first fruits of Mr. Gandhi's policy, and they require more capital than the smaller industrial units built in the past.	The industrial revolution has produced an explosion in the capital market, which is a far cheaper source of funds than government-controlled banks, where interest rates for prime borrowers are around 16%.	0
It's like everyone climbing out of the QE II and getting into a lifeboat.	After a while, someone has to go over the side.	1
Some analysts are concerned that the mega-issues, in such an unregulated environment, could lead to a mega-crash.	The rate of failures will be much more than the rate of successes in the mega-projects," says G.S. Patel, a former chairman of the giant, government-run mutual fund, the Unit Trust of India.	0
He cashed in.	Poland is short on enterprises, not enterprise.	0
The (CD) market is unsettled right now.	It's very easily influenced by changes in the stock market and the junk bond market.	1
The previous sale was $436,000 on Oct. 17.	the last time prices were that low was November 1985, when a seat sold for $425,000.	0
Still, no one expects IBM's rivals to deliver a knockout.	IBM has a near-monopoly on mainframes, with an estimated 70% share of the market.	1
Institutions, meanwhile, stepped back to the sidelines as the direction of U.S. interest rates remained unclear.	The uncertainty was multiplied by the persistent strength of the dollar, traders said, and by the U.S. trade deficit, which widened by 31% in August from the previous month.	0
We're shocked by it, because it's worked so fast," said Dr. Thomas E. Starzl, director of the University of Pittsburgh Transplantation Program, at a news conference here yesterday.	We consider it a life-saving drug, like one for AIDS," said Dr. John Fung, an immunologist at the University of Pittsburgh.	0
We have some level of financial interest" in the collection.	We don't disclose specifics.	0
Football has long been Mr. Jones's passion, both on and off the field.	An Arkansas native, he started at guard on the undefeated 1964 University of Arkansas team that won a national championship.	0
Fortunately, the nations of southern Africa haven't totally surrendered their sovereignty.	Five countries announced they would not honor what one Zimbabwean delegate wryly called the "made in Switzerland" solution.	0
Indeed, although a majority of Republican lawmakers favor a line-item veto, some, ranging from liberal Oregon Sen. Mark Hatfield to conservative Rep. Edwards are opposed.	Rep. Edwards voices the traditional conservative view that it's a mistake to put too much power in the hands of a single person.	0
Last October, during the 1988 Summer Games, NBC relentlessly pitched a new series, "Tattingers.	It belly-flopped anyway.	0
The company's Excalibur will also appeal to families, of course.	Its castle will be "the most compelling piece of folk architecture ever built.	1
That's really where the leverage hurt.	Share prices performed even worse than the funds' asset values.	1
The {ministry} thinks the banks don't know what they are doing, that they have very little idea how to cope with risk.	The {ministry} wants to see the Japanese banks pull in their horns" on leveraged buy-outs.	1
each department developed its specialized contribution to the proposal, submitting data and cost estimates on a closely managed schedule.	We cleared up questions and inconsistencies very quickly, because the people who had the skills and perspective required to resolve them were part of the task team.	1
there are people who actually plan whose names they are going to drop before attending a party.	These droppers don't flaunt only their friendships with the Trumps, Brooke Astor or Georgette Mosbacher.	0
A manager should not have to rebut the opinions of his employees about the style of his management..Instead, he should listen to see how that criticism can be used constructively to advance his objective of carrying out a set of tasks through the efforts of his subordinates.	Japanese culture vs..American culture is irrelevant.	0
Even at this early stage, drugs caused additional concerns.	During the Nixon administration, the Drug Enforcement Administration became dismayed at the extent of the G-2's connections to arrested drug traffickers.	0
Mr. Mahfouz has been pilloried and censored for questioning Islam and advocating peace with Israel.	Veiling his message has helped him endure.	1
Since 1981, Indian military advisers have been assisting the Kabul regime.	In preparation for the withdrawal, Moscow, Kabul and New Delhi signed two agreements for several hundred newly civilian Indian experts to replace some of the more visible Soviet military personnel.	0
We tell them $3 billion companies don't go out of business.	We tell them all the major companies are having financial difficulties.	0
You need to capitalize on these moments when you have everyone's attention.	It was a good reminder that we all need to prepare prior to an event.	1
Pinpoint's computers pick the most relevant for each subscriber and lay them out in a three-to-five-page newsletter format.	each newsletter is sent directly from the computer to the subscriber's fax machine.	0
Quite the contrary -- it results from years of work by members of the National Council on the Handicapped, all appointed by President Reagan.	You depict the bill as something Democratic leaders "hoodwinked" the administration into endorsing.	0
Net income rose to a record $155.3 million, or 83 cents a share, from $134.8 million, or 72 cents a share.	Revenue fell to $1.04 billion from $1.07 billion.	0
The company was founded in Sacramento in 1929 by two brothers, Ralph and Walter Merksamer, who operated as DeVon's Jewelers.	In 1979, the pair split the company in half, with Walter and his son, Sam, agreeing to operate under the Merksamer Jewelery name.	0
A month ago, the firm started serving dinner at about 7:30 each night.	about 50 to 60 of the 350 people in the investment banking operation have consistently been around that late.	1
The deal would require approval by a majority of Jaguar shareholders.	We have to make it attractive enough that {holders} would accept it.	1
Everything has to be the same between countries.	Then there'll be fair competition.	1
An NBC spokesman says the network will "closely monitor" the Sacramento situation, and says it is the only station to defect.	Spokesmen for the television networks of CBS Inc. and Capital Cities/ABC Inc., say there are no plans to alter the children's line-up on Saturday mornings.	0
Japanese department stores are also wary of attracting negative publicity.	After Sony Corp. 's recent headline-grabbing acquisition of Columbia Pictures, many say it makes good political sense to lie low.	0
He apologizes for sounding pushy.	Look," he says, "If the rest of South Africa wants to have an integrated melting pot, that's their choice.	0
that the facts of each case must be looked at individually.	A lot of this is going to be code-related.	1
If, for example, they choose to keep the B-2 Stealth bomber, they would have to sacrifice more and more other programs -- such as carrier battlegroups or army divisions -- as they moved toward lower budget levels.	These trade-offs would evolve priorities by revealing when the cost of the B-2 became prohibitive.	1
A survey of small businesses there was conducted this spring by Interface, a policy research organization.	It gave 1,124 businesses a questionnaire and analyzed 353 responses.	0
Yesterday, Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $62.875, up $20.125, on volume of almost 6.3 million shares.	Georgia-Pacific closed down $2.50, at $50.875 in Big Board trading.	0
Nevertheless, on Capitol Hill lawmakers said they are worried that financial institutions are routinely discriminating against minorities.	They asked regulators to suggest new ways to force banks and thrifts to comply with anti-discrimination laws.	1
Corporate managers who want to start their own business are the highest failure risks.	They know all the answers and are not used to working more than 40 hours a week.	1
quick-service restaurant units in the U.S. rose 14% to 131,146 between 1983 and 1987, the last year for which figures are available.	With the market so crowded If you're doing well, you're doing well at someone else's expense.	1
If the IRS admits its error and the charges have been paid, it will reimburse a taxpayer who hasn't refused to give timely answers to IRS inquiries or hasn't contributed to continuing or compounding the error.	The IRS recently amended the policy to cover stop-payment charges for checks lost by the IRS.	0
the decidedly "questionable safety of . . . a complex garden of endless hiding places.	The 8 ft. hedges which obstruct views in and out of small `rooms' insure . . . that this garden will be a potential breeding ground for crime.	1
Some U.S. products are filtering into the Soviet market under an emergency import program.	Both Colgate and Procter & Gamble have received big orders for toothpaste, soap and detergents.	0
Now, because of various difficulties, the product has been scrapped.	Time to sell.	1
In what amounts to an admission that the transition hasn't gone as smoothly as Sears had hoped, the giant retailer is now trying new ways to drum up business without appearing to abandon its seven-month-old strategy.	The company is highlighting more special deals in its advertising and stores, and it's offering to defer finance charges on certain big-ticket items.	0
Every year we've been waiting for stepped-up expansion from the company.	The news couldn't have been better.	1
but the impetus is to get the gas to the marketplace.	We're trying to get it on line as soon as possible now.	1
Merchant banker Morgan Grenfell climbed 14 to 406 on renewed takeover speculation.	S.G. Warburg, also mentioned in the rumor mill, jumped 14 at to 414.	0
In the opener, Sony Corp. would agree to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. in a transaction valued at close to $5 billion.	Shortly after that, Sony would offer to buy Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. for $200 million and offer its co-chairmen, Peter Guber and Jon Peters, the chance to run Columbia.	0
Phillips Petroleum's third-quarter earnings slid 60%, to $87 million, or 36 cents a share, from $215 million, or 89 cents a share.	Revenue rose 6.9%, to $3.1 billion from $2.9 billion.	0
I can't see why there would be a conflict of interest.	Estimates are based on the previous price of similar works sold at auction and current market conditions, and are not affected by any knowledge of who the potential buyer could be.	1
I would view it as a net positive.	The company can go about its business.	1
me nursing an espresso and my ego.	A whole morning of ballooning and I had been off the ground barely 30 minutes.	1
Leveraged buy-outs may be curbed by two rules in pending congressional legislation.	The provisions, in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the House and Senate, could raise the price tags of such deals by up to 10% and cool the takeover boom.	1
The MMI is a 20-stock index that mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average.	Outstanding contracts are those that remain to be liquidated.	0
The results, which represented the fifth consecutive quarter of flat-to-lower earnings for the big electronics retailer, disappointed analysts and traders.	Tandy's stock fell $1.375 a share to close at $44 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1
that SAS would take a stake of at least 6% in Finnair, valued at about $40 million at current market prices.	Finnair would receive SAS shares valued at the same amount.	0
But most of those stocks fared well.	Apple Computer gained 1 to 48 1/4.	0
How do you prove a negative.	Since most prosecutors wouldn't be able to demonstrate conclusively that racial considerations didn't affect sentencing, executions everywhere might come to a halt.	1
to identify those couriers and subgroups that were doing the most to reduce package-sort cycle time.	Winners of the friendly competition earn a steak dinner out with their spouses.	0
the fair-market value of its holdings, minus debt, was equal to $6.02 a share at June 30 based on a recent appraisal.	Book value per share, which is based on investments at cost, was a negative $6.69 a share.	0
Bond prices rallied.	The yield on the Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond slipped to 7.93%.	0
The machine is essentially a mainframe computer.	Suddenly CDC (Control Data) has a competitive product to fight back against the VAX9000," a machine Digital announced last month.	1
While franchisees were having a tough time holding sales, McDonald's company-operated stores posted hefty gains for the nine months, with sales per company-operated unit rising $20,000.	that the company often has better store locations than do its franchisees, thus aiding promotional efforts.	1
After gaining strength during a brief run-up when trading began, the Nasdaq Composite Index weakened under selling pressure.	The forces at work included computer-guided trading, as well as profit-driven market makers and institutional investors who had bought stock on the cheap during the recent correction.	0
During the past five years, Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S.'s 431 independent biotechnology companies.	Chugai has been one of the most active Japanese players in U.S. biotechnology companies; it has an equity investment in Genetics Institute Inc., Cambridge, Mass., and a joint-venture agreement with Upjohn Co., Kalamazoo, Mich.	0
Mega or non-mega, we feel the prospectus standards need to be considerably improved.	Disclosures are very poor in India.	1
But with no reports of either country actually entering the market, analysts said, futures prices became vulnerable.	Developing countries such as India seem to have made it a point to stay away whenever sugar reached the top of its trading range, around 14.75 cents, and wait for prices to return to the bottom of the range, around 13.50 cents.	0
For their part, the group of Democrats are working on a plan that would grant larger exclusions to assets the longer they were held by individuals and companies.	Newly acquired assets would get a bigger break than those currently held.	0
it doesn't end the takeover threat.	I know it's not over," a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged.	0
But such thin-slab technology is only the beginning.	Eager engineers espouse direct-steelmaking and direct casting, which by the end of the 1990s will enable production without coke ovens and blast furnaces.	1
During World War II, her uncomplicated view of life led her to the conclusion that the Nazis were evil and must be resisted, a decision made by only about 2% of French citizens.	She was devoted to Charles de Gaulle's cause, accepting great financial sacrifice and considerable risk to become first a spy and then a one-woman USO tour for the forces of Free France.	0
his only beef was that the massages were being given in a company conference room.	the department's supervised health facility would have been fine.	0
Assets of these and other short-term funds surged more than $5 billion in September.	additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month.	0
But July 5, a thunderstorm in Wilmington, Del., caused Shellpot Creek to rise 15 feet, pouring 1.3 million gallons of water into basement vaults.	The water destroyed about $75 million in currency and caked $4 million of coins with mud, rendering them dangerous to counting machines.	1
Even without bid talk, this year's surge in prices for Brussels real estate has excited interest in AG.	those holdings constitute the third-biggest real-estate portfolio in Belgium.	1
that the only positive news on the horizon that could detract attention from equities transactions is September's U.S. consumer price data.	The figures, due for release Friday, are expected to show an uptick in inflation to 4.8% from 4.7% in August.	1
and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage-grinder.	Like the S&L mess before it, this is a problem Congress should be solving, not ignoring.	0
third-quarter net income fell 5.9% to $9.5 million, or 46 cents a share, from $10.1 million, or 49 cents a share, in the year-ago period.	Sales rose 2.9% to $329.2 million from $320 million.	0
Buying from willing shareholders makes an unfriendly takeover impossible.	I bought from willing shareholders.	0
The finding riveted medicine.	It was the first time anyone had showed that the loss of both copies of the same gene could lead to the eruption of a cancer.	1
Schwinn Bicycle Co., Chicago, established joint ventures with bike companies in mainland China and Hungary to sell bikes.	In the past year, Derby International Corp., Luxembourg, has acquired such major brands as Peugeot, Raleigh and Nishiki.	0
three-week-old talks by Lebanese lawmakers aimed at ending Lebanon's civil war appeared about to collapse.	Christian legislators are insisting on a Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon before agreeing to political changes giving the nation's Moslems a greater role in Beirut's government.	1
The immediate target of Rep. Gonzalez's inquiry is Danny Wall, chairman of the Office of Thrift Supervision.	As the principal regulator of the thrift industry, Mr. Wall delayed seizing Lincoln S&L for more than two years after his staff told him that the California thrift was insolvent and that potential losses to taxpayers were growing rapidly.	1
In fixing rates the choice of initial parities is crucial, for example, and perhaps he picked the wrong pound-DM rate.	For that matter, perhaps he fixed to the wrong currency.	0
On Aug. 1, the state tore up its controls, and food prices leaped.	Without buffer stocks, inflation exploded.	1
Ratners, which controls 25% of the British jewelry market, would increase the number of its U.S. stores to about 450 stores from 360.	it hopes to control 5% of jewelry business in the U.S. by 1992.	1
And so it seems to be with the case of Elizabeth Morgan, the Washington, D.C., plastic surgeon jailed in a child custody case for refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter.	Dr. Morgan has just emerged from the D.C. jail after more than two years' confinement for contempt of court, a heroine to her many supporters.	0
and the auto makers fell sharply as well.	Daimler-Benz dropped 12.5 to 710.5, Bayerische Motoren Werke dropped 10.5 to 543.5, and Volkswagen lost 7.1.	0
it is too early to quantify the level of potential claims.	a material impact on Farmers.	0
to set "negligible risk" levels for pesticide residues in processed food.	Chemicals that exceed these risk levels would be barred, but those that fall below these levels would be allowed.	1
It's still unclear whether Secretary Kemp wants to completely overhaul the engine room at HUD or just tighten a few screws here and there.	No doubt he believes the place can be salvaged.	0
Behind the silly posturing lies a real dispute.	Mr. Lawson and his European-minded colleagues want the British pound formally tied to the West German mark..Sir Alan considers this an ill-advised and costly policy.	0
Wafaa El-Sadr, who heads the AIDS program at New York City's Harlem Hospital Center, can't find help.	I've been recruiting every single day since it's been identified that many AIDS patients come from the inner city.	0
In any case, many franchisees, in order to stay on good terms with franchisers, routinely go along with promotions.	If you resisted on prices, maybe you would never get that telephone call about a new franchise.	1
Last year's retrenchment dried up the working capital of Chinese factories.	The company's sales flattened during 1989's first half.	1
And some even do it with malice aforethought.	Len Kessler, a financial publicist in New York, sometimes uses it to get the attention of journalists who try to avoid him.	0
Perhaps the biggest hurdle owners face is convincing newcomers that this is a reputable business.	Some badly managed partnerships have burned investors, sometimes after they received advice from industry "consultants.	1
Mr..Dingell, by the way, has decreed another NIH investigation of the Baltimore paper, adding to several previous investigations.	Something other than what most scientists would recognize as the truth is being sought here.	0
Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter, rising to $900 million, or 3.52% of loans and leases, from $667 million, or 2.68%, at the end of the second quarter.	Some $170 million of the $233 million increase in nonperforming loans was related to real estate.	0
For now the last thing we really need to worry about is whether anybody is going to get sued, or whether they have liability or not.	We still have people wandering around in a daze in San Francisco worrying about whether it's going to rain tonight.	1
he was "shocked" when Mr. Ross refused a meeting and made it clear he would stop them.	he reminded Mr. Ross that Robert Daly and Terry Semel, the top executives of the Warner Brothers studio, had "repeatedly agreed that we had every right to accept" an offer such as Sony's.	0
Using a recent average private-school cost of about $12,500 a year, T. Rowe Price's planner prescribes $450 monthly if the plan begins when the child is six.	Since the formula assumes an 8% before-tax return in a mutual fund, there would also be $16,500 in taxes to pay over the 12 years.	0
Frankly, the only way I can think of to accomplish this is to make it possible for addicts to buy drugs at some regulated place at a price that approximates their cost.	When you do that you wipe out the criminal incentives.	1
But the MGM plan collapsed just two weeks later.	they got a look at the books and balked at the price.	1
Instead, Chrysler officials in late May slapped $1,000 cash rebates on the vehicles.	The incentives boosted sales for a while.	1
We watch the same indicators and listen to the same prognosticators.	Like lemmings, we tend to move in the same direction at same time.	1
A strong challenge from the far left, the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida, failed to topple him.	He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left.	1
The statement was the U.S. government's first acknowledgement of what other groups, such as the International Monetary Fund, have been predicting for months.	Continued strength in the dollar was cited as one reason the trade position may deteriorate.	0
Moreover, ostentation is appreciated.	The median price of homes is $547,000.	0
Trading also was heavy in the over-the-counter market.	The Nasdaq composite index closed down 1.05 to 459.93 on volume of 161.5 million shares.	0
that the price drop should especially benefit the two big tissue makers, Scott Paper and Kimberly-Clark.	A spokesman for Scott says that assuming the price of pulp continues to soften, "We should do well.	1
A year ago, the company completely revamped its near-luxury sedan, the $17,699 Maxima, which competes against a broad range of upscale sedans; it replaced its boxy, pug-nosed body with sleek, aerodynamic lines..Since then, Nissan also has launched new versions of the $13,249 240SX sporty coupe and 300ZX sports car..The restyled 300ZX costs as much as $33,000 and is squared off against the Porche 944, which begins at $41,900..Besides new styling, the new Nissans have more powerful engines and more sophisticated suspension systems.	All three new models are outselling their predecessors by wide margins.	1
Politburo member Joachim Herrman confessed to a "grave concern" over Hungarian democracy.	Under the banner that proclaims the `renewal of socialism forces are at work that are striving to eliminate socialism.	1
one other issue the Soviets are likely to want to raise is naval force reductions.	that, given the meeting's setting at sea, Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact.	1
The company continues to trade in the over-the-counter market with an exception to listing requirements.	MiniScribe filed a status report with the NASD on Monday, detailing its efforts to comply with listing requirements and requesting an extension of the exception, but hasn't received a response.	0
The Treasury expressed pleasure, however, with the government of Taiwan, which was cited for exchange-rate manipulation in last year's report.	Taiwan has liberalized its exchange rate system in the past year.	1
Even expect stolen bases.	If you know how to slide, it's no problem.	1
But the partners didn't believe the market for the systems was developing as rapidly as they had hoped.	After reportedly investing $100 million in the business, Discovision ceased manufacturing operations in 1982 and sold many of its assets to Tokyo-based Pioneer, among others.	1
It is most effective taken about a week after a woman misses her menstrual period up through the seventh week of pregnancy.	That is typically about a three-week window.	1
Mrs. Engelken had scheduled a stop on the New Jersey Turnpike to, she told her husband, pick up some papers for a neighbor.	The papers would be handed over at a bank of telephone booths just off Exit 10.	0
Investors have to accept the possibility of a significant slowdown in economic activity in the runup to 1997.	Over the next few years, I would advise caution.	1
Each $1 cumulative share can be converted into 4.92 common shares.	the ratio on the $3 cumulative is eight common shares for each $3 cumulative preferred.	0
Glasnost has made celebrities of men like Mr. Korotich.	Prevented by the Communist Party from getting on its slate of nominees for the new Supreme Soviet, he stood as an independent candidate for Congress from his native Ukraine and won with 84% of the vote.	1
Mr. Blandon says the general allowed the Contras to set up a secret training center in Panama..Mr. Noriega also conveyed intelligence from his spy operation inside the Nicaraguan capital of Managua..And on at least one occasion, in the spring of 1985, he helped arrange a sabotage attack on a Sandinista arsenal in Nicaragua.	Although, his help for the Contra cause was limited, it was enough to win him important protectors in the Reagan administration.	1
Among declining issues, a weak earnings outlook drove Groundwater Technology down 6 1/4 to 24.	The company said results for its second quarter ended Oct. 28 could drop as much as 20% below the 30 cents a share reported in the year-earlier quarter.	1
that a living person, like Mr. Salinger, had privacy rights that did not apply to a dead man, like Mr. Hubbard.	that Salinger might by being taken in another factual context come back to haunt us.	1
Goodrich's vinyl-products segment reported operating profit for the quarter of $30.1 million, less than half the $64.1 million of the year-earlier quarter.	Third-quarter operating profit of the specialty-chemicals group declined slightly to $24.3 million from $24.9 million.	0
Mr. Jones takes heart.	There in the center of the pack is quarterback Troy Aikman, the key to the Cowboys' comeback strategy.	1
By the second half of 1990, USAir stock could hit 60.	traders should buy the stock if it tumbles to 35.	1
Safeco fell 1/8 to 32 5/8 on 462,900 shares.	Ohio Casualty rose 1/4 to 51 3/4 on 137,200 shares.	0
Earth, on the other hand, has a diminished store of such material but is rich in life.	Some scientists have suggested that comets and asteroids may have brought enough of this kind of material from the outer solar system to Earth to spawn life.	1
Justice is attempting to avoid a replay of these tactics.	This amounts to an extraordinary repudiation of the tenure of New York mayoral candidate and former U.S. Attorney Rudolph Giuliani.	0
the new politics of abortion have contributed to a world turned upside down for Mr. Courter.	Unless he closes the gap, Republicans risk losing not only the governorship but also the assembly next month.	1
First, by making management focus on short-term results, they inhibit building for the future -- just the opposite of Japan.	Second, a long-term shareholder of a good company needn't worry too much when the stock price drops temporarily: It will bounce back.	0
the response of Marina residents -- primarily yuppies and elderly people -- to the devastation of their homes "incredible.	People have been very respectful of each other.	1
The proposal would restore some discipline erased from the budget process by the 1974 Budget "Reform" Act.	Before 1974, a President could "impound," or refuse to spend, funds appropriated by Congress.	0
But Pemex managers are the ones most thrilled by the contract.	We are retaking the instruments of administration.	1
On Monday, a letter from Mr. Skinner's deputy, Elaine Chao, said the administration opposed the legislation "in its present form.	Some of the bill's supporters had taken heart from the fact that the letter wasn't signed by Mr. Skinner and that it didn't contain a veto threat.	0
More than 70,000 people filled a soccer stadium on the outskirts of the black township of Soweto and welcomed freed leaders of the outlawed African National Congress.	It was considered South Africa's largest opposition rally.	0
In Japan, he's known in racy weekly magazines as the "King of Shady Money.	If nothing else, the 57-year-old's past has its share of dents.	0
In the Reagan administration we designed a comprehensive program; we worked very hard on it.	Our international efforts were far greater than ever before.	0
But a few days later the police accused him of stealing electricity, acquiring rubber without permission and buying stolen property.	Warned he was to be jailed again, he fled to the countryside.	1
It was during the quiet exodus down the pristine concrete ramps of the Stick that I really understood the point of all those Walkmen and Watchmen.	The crowd moved in clumps, clumps magnetized around an electronic nucleus.	1
the slightly higher returns aren't enough to compensate for the extra risk.	that asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing that support them -- and those are hard to evaluate.	1
While the exchange's equities floor in San Francisco remained open on a limited basis, orders were being routed and executed in Los Angeles.	Workers could dial out, but they couldn't receive telephone calls.	1
But hardly the only ones.	The scams promise -- among other things -- to help save the environment, feed starving families and prevent the disappearance of children.	1
Among broader Nasdaq industry groups, the utility index gained 18.11 to 761.38.	The transportation and insurance sectors each posted gains of 8.59.	0
bank financing could be obtained.	After the collapse of the last effort, the group doesn't plan to make any formal proposal without binding commitments from banks covering the entire amount to be borrowed.	0
Sentences have been stiff.	A university student got eight years for participating in the rallies while an 18-year-old worker got 10 years.	0
until U.K. government restrictions expire.	The anti-takeover measure prevents any outside investor from buying more than 15% of Jaguar shares without permission until Dec. 31, 1990.	0
Now the question is: Is Poland ready for it.	Mr. McDonough is about to tackle his biggest clean-air challenge yet, the proposed Warsaw Trade Center in Poland, the first such center in Eastern Europe.	1
You always have to watch out for yourself.	No one else will watch out for you.	1
the company had offered to increase the minimum wage by 18%, while the union was demanding 26.6%.	Before the two parties resumed talks last week, De Beers offered 17% and the union wanted 37.6%.	0
Like the game of professional football, the NFL organization itself is in turmoil.	The new breed of team owner, Mr. Jones included, has been fighting the NFL bureaucracy for a greater say in league affairs, and the battle has produced a form of organizational gridlock.	1
Using Gnu-Emacs, the spy could substitute a bogus "atrun" program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes.	Once his cuckoo's egg was laid, he could enter Unix and become a "super-user," with access to everything.	0
Typical, perhaps, was the situation at New United Motor Manufacturing Inc.	Ten of the plant's workers were injured when the quake hit about a half-hour into the afternoon shift; seven were hospitalized..Metal racks on the plant floor fell over, and water mains ruptured.	0
Such caution was evident after the recent Friday-the-13th stock market plunge.	Some Bush administration officials urged Mr. Greenspan to make an immediate public announcement of his plans to provide ample credit to the markets.	0
I was near the top of the stadium, and saw a steel girder bow six feet from where I sat, but I stayed put for 10 or 15 minutes.	I thought, `This is the World Series and I'm not gonna wimp out.	1
But for South Gardens, the grid was to be a 3-D network of masonry or hedge walls with real plants inside them.	In a letter to the BPCA, kelly/varnell called this "arbitrary and amateurish.	1
Down by the stream, a group of Orange Workers puts the finishing touches on a golf course.	If whites want to play there by themselves whites should also build it by themselves.	1
Size doesn't matter.	What counts is the bottom line.	0
In national over-the-counter trading, MCI fell $2.625 to $42.375.	some investors apparently expected slightly better revenue growth.	1
Opponents don't buy such arguments.	Human nature being what it is, people don't always follow instructions.	1
that some of the money raised in the current spate of issues will be used as campaign donations before the elections.	but India's industrialists have a history of making under-the-table campaign donations.	1
Real Texans don't play paddleball, at least I hope not.	This is football country.	1
Only four months have passed since the Beijing massacre, and few are prepared to predict its ultimate impact.	The only consensus is that more money and people may leave Hong Kong than had been thought likely.	0
Hong Kong financial institutions have been waiting for interest-rate futures for a long time.	The contract was first proposed more than two years ago.	1
Burmah described the joint venture as "fairly small.	It didn't provide details of setup costs.	0
whether Georgia Pacific will ultimately prevail.	You have to watch out for counterbids.	1
A higher proportion of black men smoke than white men.	While nearly equal percentages of black and white women currently smoke, in both sexes more whites have given up smoking than blacks.	0
The plaintiffs are investors who bought and sold securities in which Mr. Boesky and his partnerships were dealing.	Some claim they suffered losses because they sold while he was buying and others because they bought while he was selling.	0
Two things to keep in mind.	Not all exchanges accept every type of order.	0
Britain and all of Europe need to reconsider the prospects for European integration in light of the possible reunification and neutralization of Germany.	A unified Germany that remained within the Western alliance would give Germany such an overshadowing position that all other members of a unified Europe would become vassals of the German state.	1
From the beginning, {they} knew we had a goal and a dream.	On a number of occasions he tried to get Warner to buy Guber Peters outright.	0
Scientists need to understand that while they tend to believe their work is primarly about establishing new knowledge or doing good, today it is also about power.	In a media-linked world, scientists may earn wide praise and even Nobels for their work, but they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the content, funding and goals of that work.	1
Most people haven't got a clue who we are.	If they think well of the company through our support of the Bill of Rights, it follows they'll think well of our products.	1
The situation will be especially delicate for Mr. Kimbrough.	He takes over a school system in the midst of radical reform.	1
You'll find her there.	Better yet, check out the emergence of her comic persona in "Married to the Mob," Jonathan Demme's delightful Mafia comedy.	0
The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by concerns about the city's financial health and political uncertainty in view of the impending mayoral election.	The city's economy is growing weaker and expenditures are rising as tax revenue is falling.	0
American Express's share of Shearson's earnings was $41 million, after preferred stock dividends.	it owns about 68% of Shearson's common.	1
the booming market has opened up a valuable new source of funds to issuers, while providing a valuable new investment for individuals and institutions.	Asset-backed securities "are an attractive investment compared to bank certificates of deposit or other corporate bonds.	0
John Mack promptly quit his job last spring as an aide to Speaker Wright amid public outrage over Mr. Mack's violent attack on a young woman when he was 19 years old.	After a few weeks in seclusion, Mr. Mack opened a consulting firm.	0
Today, Morgenzon is a town of 800 whites and two paved roads..Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks, and many houses and storefronts are empty.	There are few factories and no mines.	0
that they are part of a wider drama affecting the strategic positions of both the U.S. and the Soviet Union on the horn of Africa.	Not since the late 1970s has the horn been so up for grabs as it has suddenly become in just the past few weeks.	0
Aside from the special charge, Amoco's results were in line with Wall Street estimates.	The company's stock ended at $48.375, up 25 cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1
In her cookbook she introduces each chapter with appropriate quotations from Russian literature: Pushkin on blini, Goncharov on piroghi.	In life, she offers practical dieting advice: "Divide your meals into important and unimportant.	0
Most troublesome is the shrinking pool of "names," the well-heeled investors (some of them royal) who, as members of about 360 syndicates, underwrite policies.	Some 1,750 members quit the exchange last year, more than triple the number of resignations in 1987.	0
Which cars do Americans favor most these days.	It's hard to generalize, but age seems to be the best predictor.	0
Ford is prepared to bid for the entire company and had lobbied the government to lift the takeover restrictions early.	GM has been negotiating a friendly transaction with Jaguar that likely would involve joint ventures and an eventual stake of just under 30%.	0
But it was Ted Kennedy who scored most effectively with his searing portrayal of "Robert Bork's America.	Sen. Kennedy emoted brilliantly.	0
In that sense, the whole debate is sort of a fraud.	It's distracting attention from serious issues.	0
You are absolutely wrong, however, in opining that this position is some kind of "flip-flop," something newly arrived at as a result of reading the opinion polls.	My position is one founded on both the facts and the law.	1
some people don't use their machines as much as they should.	The first excuse is they don't have enough time The second is they don't have enough discipline.	1
The farmer barges into the naczelnik's office.	A thin man in a gray suit looks up from a newspaper.	0
But some economists and government officials here aren't applauding.	They fear that the boom may be too big for Japan's or anyone else's good.	1
Traders who had sold contracts earlier, in hopes of buying them back at lower prices, yesterday were buying contracts back at higher prices to limit their losses.	that the market could have been helped by rumors, which have been circulating for the past two days, about China purchasing cotton.	0
Opponents of the increase argue that the IMF practices central planning while supporting ineffective governments..They question whether the IMF has any role in developing countries, given its original mandate to assist industrial countries in balance-of-payments emergencies..Opponents show that there are already more funds available than commendable reform efforts..They worry that new IMF funding of developing countries will simply end up substituting IMF debt for reschedulable commercial bank debt, a bad trade all around..They believe microeconomics, which addresses the problems of markets, investment climate and management practices, is the key to developing-country growth, not the IMF's Keynesian focus on trade deficits, quarterly targets and government debt.	They point at the numerous developing-country governments that have inflated, taxed and regulated themselves into despair under successive IMF programs.	0
The IRA's conception is murky.	In 1972, then Treasury Secretary George Shultz, with the key support of Sen. Carl Curtis, sought some form of pensions for the uncovered..That year a four-man group headed by William Lieber in the Legislation and Regulations division of the Office of the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service, was assigned the task of designing a plan They used the 1962 Keogh Plan, a pension plan created by a New York congressman for the self-employed, as a partial model..This team initially called its new model Personal Retirement Account, or "PRA." But it didn't sing..So they opted for IRA, naming it after Ira Cohen, a brilliant IRS actuary who helped them.	0
The firm has said it expects to pay $11.5 million overall to settle with states.	Drexel pleaded guilty in September to six felony counts of securities and mail fraud.	0
Copper futures prices failed to extend Friday's rally.	Declines came because of concern that demand for copper may slow down.	0
The estimated $1.8 billion for the space station would be double last year's level, and total appropriations for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration would grow 16% to nearly $12.4 billion.	A string of costly projects, including the high-speed national aerospace plane and the advanced communications technology satellite, would continue to be developed within these limits.	1
But losers were spread in a broad range by the end of the session.	that the more an issue gained recently, the sharper the loss sustained Wednesday.	0
It is one of a series of studies on health commissioned by the New York Business Group, a non-profit organization with about 300 members.	The stress study was undertaken because problems related to stress "are much more prevalent than they seem.	0
But administration officials were concerned over the bleak trade report.	Mr. Darby called it a "disappointment.	0
Net for the quarter was $62.8 million, or 73 cents a share, down from $64.9 million, or 72 cents a share, a year earlier.	earnings would have increased if it hadn't been actively repurchasing its shares.	0
action also was much slower yesterday in the Treasury market.	Bond investors paid close attention to comments by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan.	1
Kia, the only Korean car maker that has seen its overseas sales grow in 1989, aims at Korea's common man.	Its advantage has been the peppy little Pride, sold as the Ford Festiva in the U.S.	1
Lawyers and their clients who frequently bring business to a country courthouse can expect to appear before the same judge year after year.	Fear of alienating that judge is pervasive.	1
More important, he emerged as a peacemaker last summer after the Central Park rape of a white jogger and the racial murder of a black teen-ager in the white Brooklyn neighborhood of Bensonhurst.	Rather than scaring off white voters, as many predicted he would, Mr. Dinkins attracted many whites precisely because of his reputation for having a cool head.	0
But advertising revenue is inadequate.	Periodically, there are threats that the program will fold.	1
In recent weeks, airlines have cut numerous fares in leisure markets to try to win back customers.	Others have tried to spruce up frequent-flier programs.	0
We're not rushing into anything.	We don't want to be party to a second rejection.	1
the small firms simply would prefer more DARPA funds.	Each claims to possess the right technology and wants just a bit more money to make it commercial.	1
Meanwhile, the U.S. House of Representatives yesterday approved an $837.5 million aid package for Poland and Hungary that more than doubles the amount President Bush had requested.	The package was brought to the House just 15 days after it was introduced, indicating Congress's eagerness to reward Poland and Hungary for their moves toward democracy and freemarket economic reforms.	0
What is driving Dentsu's international expansion largely is the need to keep up with its Japanese clients as they grow in the U.S. and Europe.	If we don't do something . . . we won't be able to catch up with demand.	1
and that demand in Korea will stay strong.	Currently only one in 38 South Koreans owns a car, up from one in 200 a decade ago.	1
the problems in the securities portfolio stem largely from positions taken last year.	The company's current management found itself "locked into this.	1
The climate was right for the new FASB.	In the late 1960s some CPAs failed to correct such abuses as clients picking permissive rules that hyped earnings and stock prices.	1
The "Bare-Faced Messiah" decision strikes a blow against the whole historical enterprise.	A second decision, handed down in August by the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, is another blow against scholarship.	0
Serial bonds were priced to yield to 6.75% in 2000.	Bonds due 1991-1996 carry 6.70% coupons and bonds due 1997-2000 carry 6 3/4% coupons.	0
The board and UAL's management can't go back" to business as usual.	The pilots won't let them.	1
Sears faces an especially daunting challenge on the eve of the Christmas shopping season.	everyday pricing in the current environment doesn't work.	1
Everyone is extremely convinced the economy is slowing.	If we're not headed for a recession, we're certainly headed for a major slowdown.	1
For Mr. Jones, it was just the beginning.	He quickly cut the team's bloated administrative staff by half, shut down a Cowboys-owned dance academy and, in July, announced plans to sell Valley Ranch, the team's 30-acre practice camp and the most lavish training facility in the NFL.	1
Moody's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings of some $145 million of Pinnacle debt because of "accelerating deficiency in liquidity.	Henry Sargent Jr., Pinnacle executive vice president, said the action "won't really have any effect on us.	0
The Georgia-Pacific offer has definitely changed the landscape.	It's much easier to be second.	1
That's because the widely used fiber-optic cable has been installed underground with 25 extra feet of cable between junction points.	The slack absorbs the pulling strain generated by an earthquake.	1
In Congress, lawmakers already are looking for ways to add relief funds.	Money could be added to a pending spending bill covering the Federal Emergency Management Agency.	0
that there also had been damage of the sort reported by my friend.	Outside, I spotted two young men lugging blocks of concrete.	0
These revised figures also may explain some of the recent strength of the dollar.	The materially smaller trade deficit may have been already discounted in the market.	0
but nothing was severely damaged.	Her sister, Cynthia, wishes Toni had a different job.	0
This same tendency toward openness impressed a group of visiting U.S. congressmen this spring.	Rather than trying to "lecture us," says one congressional aide who attended the two-hour meeting, Mr. Krenz "wanted to listen.	0
Since the China crisis erupted the scenario as depicted by the middle-of-the-road group bears a remarkable resemblance to the difficulties Hong Kong currently faces.	that the local economy will grow through the 1990s at annual rates averaging between 3% and 5%.	0
Secretary of State Baker expressed concern that Nicaraguan President Ortega may attempt to use alleged attacks by the U.S.backed Contra rebels as an excuse to scuttle elections scheduled for February.	Ortega had threatened to end a 19-month-old ceasefire.	0
But some investors and consultants who have tried it are enthusiastic.	Jeffrey Tarter, editor of SoftLetter, a Watertown, Mass., industry newsletter, says: "I've seen a lot of people fooling around on the fringes of filtering information.	0
A lot of bad things can happen in 12 years.	It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out our problem.	1
In either case, ask yourself whether you have become better informed on the issues under protest by watching the act of civil disobedience.	If you have not, it is probable that a thorough airing of the dispute by calm and rational debate would have been the better course.	1
But some are skeptical of the code's effectiveness.	The industry is based on individual honesty.	1
to cut costs.	it will spend more than $140 million this year, down from about $200 million last year.	1
The biggest foreign inroads, though, have been made by bourbon.	While U.S. makers of vodka, rum and other spirits compete against powerhouses abroad, trade agreements prohibit any other country from making bourbon.	1
Then the computers give us more information than we can ever read.	Now they plan to sell us products that sift through all the information to give us what we really want to know.	1
But healthy skepticism is only a small reason for Japan's PC lag.	Various cultural and economic forces have suppressed demand.	1
to learn that her apartment is on the condemned list.	She is told she can't enter unless she is accompanied by an inspector.	1
Medical-supply houses are expected to report earnings increases of about 15% on average for the third quarter, despite sales increases of less than 10%.	To offset sluggish sales growth, companies have been cutting staff, mostly through attrition, and slowing the growth in research and development spending.	1
Administration officials traveling with President Bush in Costa Rica interpreted Mr. Ortega's wavering as a sign that he isn't responding to the military attacks so much as he is searching for ways to strengthen his hand prior to the elections.	Mr. Abrams said that Mr. Ortega is seeking to demobilize the Contras prior to the elections to remove any pressure to hold fair elections.	0
There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures (in real terms) have increased sharply in the past quarter-of-a-century educational performance has declined.	That is the way the system works.	1
There is absolutely no way our board or membership would have approved the portrayal of the Hells Angels in this movie.	Portrayal of our members as disloyal to each other is totally contrary to the most important values of our organization -- loyalty and trust.	1
All prime-time fare will be on tape-delay because of time differences with Norway, so the results can be announced on the 6 o'clock news.	Turner Broadcasting will pay CBS $25 million to air 50 hours of CBS coverage plus 50 hours of.	0
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday.	A strong challenge from the far left, the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida, failed to topple him.	1
It's something likely to be spread out over a long period of time.	There will be a lot of repair work that won't require the quantities of cement or concrete that new constructon would.	1
Ethan Bronner's "Battle for Justice: How the Bork Nomination Shook America" (Norton, 399 pages, $22.50) is a spirited narrative of the nastiest of these hearings, done with journalistic verve, but with a flawed legal philosophy.	While the book amply justifies its subtitle, the title itself is dubious.	1
The company has denied the allegations but has negotiated a proposed $18 million settlement of related lawsuits.	Analysts predict the sales impact will linger.	0
Futures prices recovered in quiet trading.	The December contract rose 1.50 cents a pound to $1.2795.	0
The ministry inquired about that deal because the large presence of Japanese banks in the deal was "being strongly criticized in the U.S. Congress.	the inquiry wasn't made in a way that the banks could have interpreted as either encouraging or discouraging participation.	0
Per-share figures this year reflect $6.8 million in preferred-share dividends.	the 1988 quarter didn't have such a payout.	0
This figure could be estimated using techniques employed by private lenders to forecast losses, or determined by selling loans to private owners (without federal guarantees).	Neither technique is perfect, but both are better than the current system, which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially and average about $20 billion annually, according to the Congressional Budget Office.	1
The tax increase would cover only part of the estimated $4 billion to $6 billion in total damage caused by the Oct. 17 quake.	Aside from as much as $3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid, the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $700 million.	1
As a presidential candidate in 1980, George Bush forthrightly expressed his position on abortion in an interview with Rolling Stone magazine published that March.	What did he think of the Supreme Court's decision legalizing abortion? "I happen to think it was right," Mr. Bush said flatly.	0
and other developments are weakening Viacom's antitrust suit against Time.	Viacom accuses Time in its suit of refusing to carry Showtime or a sister service, The Movie Channel, on Time's Manhattan Cable TV system, one of the nation's largest urban systems..But yesterday, Manhattan Cable announced it will launch Showtime on Nov. 1 to over 230,000 subscribers.	0
Mr. Jordan of GM, meanwhile, still criticizes Japanese styling.	It's hard for the Japanese," he says, "to get a feeling in a car, to get a passion in a car, to get emotion in a car.	0
the industry's total revenues approach $200 million.	In any high-stakes case that one side or the other -- or even both -- is using litigation consultants.	1
The matter may never even be tried in court.	Warner says that what it really wants is for the producers to fulfill their contractual obligations, but the bitterness of this battle and the accusations flying on both sides make it unlikely that the decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired.	0
But the pool of federal emergency-relief funds already is running low because of the heavy costs of cleaning up Hurricane Hugo, and Congress will be under pressure to allocate more money quickly.	In Hugo's wake, Congress allocated $1.1 billion in relief funds.	0
and the measure further commits Congress to a set of costly projects, including the first construction funds for the space station.	The station is promised $1.8 billion within the $5.36 billion provided for research and development in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.	0
The end of the first half, however, brought what the standing-room-only crowd seemed to be waiting for: the pop singer Judy Collins, who appears on "Inner Voices.	Glamorous and pure-voiced as ever, Ms. Collins sang Joni Mitchell's "For Free" -- about an encounter with a street-corner clarinetist, to which Mr. Stoltzman contributed a clarinet obligatto -- and Mr. Douglas's lush setting of a Gaelic blessing, "Deep Peace.	0
You can't make a commodity out of a luxury.	that chasing consumers with low-priced imports will harm the industry in the long run by reducing the prestige of furs.	1
more than 99% of their 7 1/4% convertible subordinated debentures due 2011 were tendered for conversion into UnionFed common stock.	The conversion increased total equity capital by about $38.5 million to a total of $156.8 million.	1
The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons.	Bashing the D.C. government is risk-free for members of Congress.	1
the building rocked.	For a while, it looked like the deal -- not to mention the courtroom itself -- was on the verge of collapse.	1
One she made into a topiary rec room, replete with plants shaped into a Barcalounger, TV, piano and chairs..In another, she requisitioned topiary MX missile cones -- costing $10,000 each -- in heights up to 20 feet.	Another she stuffed with eight "rectilinear hedges" for a topiary geometry lesson in the right-angling of plants.	0
always, they try to boost good will.	By advertising disaster relief, these companies are hoping to don a white hat and come out a hero.	0
Michael shares closed at 13 3/4 yesterday in national over-the-counter trading.	In my mind this is a $7 stock.	0
Revco reacted cautiously, saying the plan would add $260 million of new debt to the highly leveraged company.	It was Revco's huge debt from its $1.3 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 that forced it to seek protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code.	0
The greatest thing going for Mr. Gandhi and the Congress (I) Party is the poor reputation of the opposition.	Even if it unites for the elections, its coherence is likely to be temporary.	1
Perhaps an arrangement could be worked out to "sponsor" El Espectador journalists and staff by paying for added security in exchange for exclusive stories.	Reward El Espectador's courage with real support.	0
I am waiting.	I have plenty more at home.	0
In the British case, Mr. Lawson is the closest thing in London to a supply-side globalist.	He not only slashed marginal tax rates, initially sparking fresh growth in Britain, but he wanted to regulate monetary policy by targeting exchange rates, indeed joining the European Monetary System.	1
Government officials who wonder how important it is for them to encourage development in high-risk areas should visit Vermont-Slauson and Grand Boulevard Plaza and decide for themselves.	The answer will be obvious.	1
Within a year he hopes Steppenwolf will move into a new 500-seat theater on that site.	The troupe currently performs in a converted dairy that seats 211 and provides little capacity for staging anything beyond a simple one-set production.	0
such discussions are motivated by the competitive threat posed by Federal Express, United Parcel Service of America Inc. and other fast-growing air-freight companies.	Many airlines are talking about cargo ventures.	1
but the underlying bill is already under attack for excesses elsewhere.	Appropriations committees have used an assortment of devices to disguise as much as $1 billion in spending.	1
Abandoning socialism means abandoning the East German state's reason for existence, and with it the justification for its watchdogs and its Wall.	In this scenario it's hard to imagine that a pale imitation of the Federal Republic could avoid being pulled into some kind of tie with West Germany.	1
They took more than 25% casualties.	that they faced minefields without mine detectors.	1
In presenting the study late last week, Dr. Warshaw estimated the cost of these types of disorders to business is substantial.	Occupational disability related to anxiety, depression and stress costs about $8,000 a case in terms of worker's compensation.	1
We do not know whether RU-486 will be as disastrous as some of the earlier fertility-control methods released to unblinking, uncritical cheers from educated people who should have known better.	Remember the Dalkon Shield and the early birth-control pills.	0
I was flabbergasted.	I understand the firm's enthusiasm in getting the deal, but such a large company would have been better off showing a little more discretion.	1
We're going to see another big wave of failures and defaults between now and year-end.	The only thing a lot of these lenders can get out of their mouth now is: `Pay me in 60 days.	1
With E-mail, you don't have the visual clues of paper.	With Notes, they're visually distinct.	0
insurers are rushing to find partners and preparing for price wars.	In West Germany and the Netherlands, insurers are flirting with banks.	0
The Pentagon foiled the plan.	According to military officers at the time, word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting.	0
We aren't Philip Morris Cos.	that because Seita's profits are limited by government-controlled cigarette prices, he doesn't have the cash to diversify as heavily into food and drink as the U.S. concern has done.	0
Since trading as low as $42.25 a share in May, Federal's shares have rallied as high as $57.87 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	They closed Friday at $53.25, down 50 cents on the day.	0
Net income rose to $97.9 million, or $1.15 a share, from $50.5 million, or 60 cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales increased 7% to $1.49 billion from $1.39 billion.	0
In recent weeks, moreover, Mr. Brady has joined other administration officials in trying to urge the Fed toward lower interest rates.	The urging admittedly has been gentle.	0
Some couples continue to try.	Such determination may translate into extreme physical, emotional and financial costs.	0
Many of the lost tourism dollars won't be recovered.	many trips delayed never take place.	1
A company doesn't have to post a loss to be a candidate for sale.	If earnings don't live up to analysts' expectations that's enough to dump the stock.	0
President Bush told reporters a few months ago that he was looking for the right test case to see whether he already has the line-item veto.	Vice President Quayle and Budget Director Darman said recently they've joined the search.	0
But the nations of Europe and North America have decided they know better.	At this week's U.N. conference in Lausanne, they imposed a global ivory ban that seeks to overturn local policies.	1
The two companies would appear to be a logical fit because of their complementary lines, and analysts described the offer, representing a 36% premium over Nekoosa's market price, as fair.	Nekoosa closed yesterday at $42.75, up $2.75, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	0
Profit at Sears's Allstate insurance unit fell 38% to $126.1 million because of Hurricane Hugo.	claims from the storm, as expected, reduced its third-quarter net by $80 million, or 23 cents a share.	0
Federal child care (quack)..The Clean Air bill (quack).	The disabled-workers bill (quack, quack.	0
Wearing a business suit and western-style hat and boots, he opened up his briefcase and dumped $1 million in cash on a table in front of the directors.	he wanted to show the color of his money.	1
the new agreement would "replace" the old one that forms the basis of its suit against the Merieux takeover.	Notwithstanding foreign ownership of Connaught, this accord would enhance research and development in Canada.	1
that it was considering a restructuring to ward off a hostile takeover attempt by two European shipping concerns.	In late May, Stena Holding AG and Tiphook PLC, launched a $50-a-share, or $777 million, tender offer for the Hamilton, Bermuda-based Sea Containers.	1
Zaita the "cripple-maker" rearranges the limbs of aspiring beggars -- and takes a cut of every cent they cadge..Hassan Kamel Ali is a card shark and dope dealer who has a simple creed: "I live in this world, assuming that there is no morality, God or police.	For the killer and thief, Said Mahran, fame flows from the barrel of a gun.	0
Broader market averages were little changed in the latest session.	Standard & Poor's 500-Stock Index gained 0.03 to 347.16, the Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 0.02 to 325.50, and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.05 to 192.12.	0
But the new statistics show that by September, the burst in spending seemed to be tapering off.	Many economists expect the weakness to continue.	0
Now they don't have to.	That's going to cost IBM revenue.	1
Architects complain about a host of building regulations.	Determining when handicapped access is required can be a nightmare for architects.	1
MCI Communications added 1 1/2 to 43 3/8.	The company has toted up over $40 million in contracts in the past two days.	1
Yields on five-year CDs at major banks were averaging about 7.45%, and 10-year Treasury notes were paying less than 8%.	The CD seemed like a great deal.	1
The defensive options are limited.	Who would bid against Paribas?.	1
Sen. Strom Thurmond (R., S.C.) protests pending legislation to end the preference that the federal prison system gets in selling prisoner-made furniture and other goods to government agencies.	Small-business suppliers want prisons to stop getting high priority, especially as prison production grows with swelling inmate populations.	0
They led the Major Leagues in regular-season wins with 99 and flattened the Toronto Blue Jays four games to one for the American League pennant before stomping their cross-bay rivals.	The pithiest testimony to their domination of the just-concluded tournament came from Giants' manager Roger Craig after his team had fallen in Game Three to a five-home-run barrage that tied a 61-year-old Series record.	0
It's a shocker.	Qintex Australia was "going to pay more than $1 billion for MGM/UA and then they couldn't come up with the far smaller sum of $5.9 million.	1
Iverson Technology is one of many small defense contractors besieged by the slowdown in defense spending.	Unlike larger contractors with a broad enough base to weather the downturn easily, these companies are suffering big drops in business as once-lucrative specialty niches in the massive military market erode or even disappear.	1
Western Digital's plant in Puerto Rico was affected by Hurricane Hugo, losing three days' production because of the storm.	millions of dollars in first-quarter revenue were lost.	1
Bids totaling $515 million were submitted.	Accepted bids ranged from 8.38% to 8.395%.	0
A matching Eagleton-Newark Star Ledger poll last month showed a complete reversal.	Voters in the same age group backed Democrat Florio 55% to 29% over Republican Courter.	0
Lotus Development Corp. feeds its evaluations into a computer, but only for storage; the decisions are made by supervisors.	Hershey Foods Corp. strives for fairness by basing increases on quarterly reviews, annual appraisals and meetings with workers.	0
But this is not the entire Afghan army, and it is no longer Kabul's only military force.	Complete units have been trained and indoctrinated in the U.S.S.R. and other East bloc nations; 30,000 to 40,000 of these troops have returned.	1
Both spent years overseeing the Freie Deutsche Jugend.	More recently, Mr. Krenz has been in charge of East German security, and is the youngest member of the ruling Politburo.	0
but he's too choked up to get the words out.	He bangs on the piece of paper in frustration, then turns and walks away.	1
In many scams or alleged scams involving planners, it's plain that only a modicum of common sense on the part of the investors would have kept them out of harm's way.	Using it, wouldn't a proessional hesitate to pay tens of thousands of dollars just for a chance to invest witha planner.	1
The Japanese government doesn't allow this.	The Ministry of Agriculture and Fishery actually is a ministry for farmers and fishermen instead of a ministry of provisions.	0
This activity produced small rallies, which in turn attracted new short selling.	that copper had a steep fall in spite of a weak dollar, which would normally support the U.S. copper market.	0
that Banco Exterior may have waited too long to diversify from its traditional export-related activities.	Catching up with commercial competitors in retail banking and financial services will be difficult, particularly if market conditions turn sour.	1
The reality is that Bank finances are rock solid.	As of June 30, 1989 -- the day our past fiscal year came to a close -- only 4.1% of the Bank's portfolio was affected by arrears of over six months.	0
We're not rushing into anything.	We don't want to be party to a second rejection.	1
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 climbed to $551 million, or $1.66 a share, from $400 million, or $1.18 a share, a year earlier.	Per-share figures have been adjusted for a 2-for-1 stock split effective Oct. 20.	0
Mr. Mahfouz began writing when there was no novelistic tradition in Arabic, and he modeled his work on Western classics.	In one sense, this limits him.	1
It's too soon to tell . . . but people don't seem to be unhappy with it," he said.	He said he wouldn't comment on the CFTC plan until the exchange has seen the full proposal.	0
But other rake makers have their doubts.	Richard Mason, president of Ames Co. in Parkersburg, W. Va., says the Barrett rake "makes sense," but it would be "tough" to explain to consumers.	0
Citizens, based in Atlanta, said it has about $4.6 billion in factored sales annually.	the Security Pacific unit has about $1.8 billion annually.	0
then the chairman said they would like to hear his manager's side and talk to witnesses.	The chairman promised Mr. Stone a decision within two weeks.	0
The stakes in the controversy are large.	Last year, venture capitalists spent an estimated $600 million to finance start-up companies in medical and biotechnology businesses, according to the National Venture Capital Association, a trade group.	1
Another solution cities might consider is giving special priority to police patrols of small-business areas.	For cities losing business to suburban shopping centers, it may be a wise business investment to help keep those jobs and sales taxes within city limits.	1
The most popular plays of the day were insurance companies such as General Re Corp., which rose $2.75 to $86.50, Nac Re Corp., up $2 to $37.75, American International Group Inc., up $3.25 to $102.625, and Cigna Corp., up 87.5 cents to $62.50.	insurers will use the earthquake as an excuse to raise insurance rates, ending their long price wars.	1
In races for the White House, a voter's incentive, at the margin, is to lean Republican.	Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter's particular district/state, such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits.	1
The company doesn't wait until the final hours to get ready for hurricanes.	There are just tons of things that have to be considered.	1
Also providing support to Treasurys was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of some stock-index futures and options on indexes and individual stocks.	Those hopes were dashed when the stock market put in a relatively quiet performance.	0
Mr. Salvatori should know.	Instead of helping his company in the defense spending slowdown, Dynamic Engineering Inc., a troubled subsidiary that makes wind tunnels for the space industry, contributed to much of QuesTech's $3.3 million loss on $55.6 million in revenue last year.	1
In 1986 the New York attorney general's office got an order from a state court in Albany shutting down First Meridian Corp., an Albany financial-planning firm that had invested $55 million on behalf of nearly 1,000 investors.	In its notice of action, the attorney general said the company had promised to put clients into "balanced" investment portfolios; instead, the attorney general alleged, the company consistently shoved unwary customers into high-risk investments in paintings, coins and Florida condos.	1
Operating profit rose 5.5% to 332.38 billion yen from 315.12 billion yen..Net income jumped 21% to 79.03 billion yen from 65.53 billion yen.	Per-share net rose to 62.04 yen from 51.50 yen.	0
Prices were lower in Frankfurt, Zurich, Paris and Amsterdam.	South African gold stocks closed moderately lower.	0
California's high-priced real estate puts it in an awkward position, too.	One provision last night would have raised the cap on disaster loans to $500,000 from $100,000 per household to accommodate San Francisco losses.	0
Mr. McDonough thinks of the center as the "Eiffel Tower of Warsaw" and "a symbol of the resurgence of Poland.	If any nation can use environmentally benign architecture, it is Poland.	0
That brought in considerable fund selling, which continued until the close of trading.	In general, it was a bearish close.	1
The network deals a lot with unknowns, including Scott Wentworth, who portrayed Mr. Anderson, and Bill Alton as Father Jenco, but the network has some big names to contend with, too.	James Earl Jones is cast to play the Rev. Mr. Johns.	0
Even though these favorable trends in lung-cancer mortality affect all sex and race groups, they can't be taken for granted.	Smoking prevention programs should reach larger segments of the population, especially children, adolescents and minorities.	1
Even if the press is ready to seize and misinterpret, these are not very complicated thoughts.	Surely there is someone in the administration, maybe Bob Gates, who could explain them to college students, or even schoolchildren.	1
that only whites could reside in town.	blacks could work there, but they had to leave at night.	1
Separately, Innopac reported a fourth-quarter loss of about C$2.6 million, or 18 Canadian cents a share, reflecting inventory write-downs.	The results made net income for the year ended Aug. 31 C$2.7 million, or 20 Canadian cents a share, down from C$9.7 million, or 70 Canadian cents a share last year.	0
MCA owns WWOR in New York and Paramount last month agreed to purchase a 79% stake in the TVX Broadcast Group from Salomon Inc. in a deal valued at $140 million.	TVX owns five stations, including WTXF, a Fox affiliate, in Philadelphia.	0
So far Galileo has been delayed twice.	the Galileo worm had nothing to do with either delay.	0
Getting to and from the airport in coming weeks may be the problem, however.	People's ability to drive throughout the bay area is greatly restricted.	1
And some movies seem to have been hurt by their inattention.	Warner executives blame Mr. Guber's and Mr. Peters's lack of involvement in "Caddyshack II" for casting and production problems.	0
By contrast, the Comex in July imported a highly regarded outsider, Arnold F. Staloff, as its president.	Mr. Staloff, 44, was a senior officer of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and is considered a specialist in new financial products.	0
In the House-passed tax bill, Mr. Thevenot got his wish.	real-estate assets are included in the capital-gains provision.	0
I don't trust people who don't eat.	Look at Dostoevski and Kafka.	0
and the lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner wasn't as strong as it is now.	Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights, and it was "in Warner's interest to accommodate MGM/UA, Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives.	0
Consolidation has been long overdue.	It was just the culture of the industry that kept it from happening.	0
The loss of the cigarette account would be a severe blow to Wells Rich.	Benson & Hedges has been one of its most high-visibility campaigns, as well as one of its largest clients.	1
The company cited higher tax credits in the second quarter, totaling $63 million, compared with $28 million in the third quarter.	Excluding tax credits, profit was 6% below the second quarter.	1
To make them directly comparable, each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100.	The percentage change is since year-end.	0
Di Provenza" wasn't much of an advertisement for sunny, southern France.	Perhaps Mr. Kleiber could let him substitute one of the songs about dead children and dark nights from Mahler's "Kindertotenlieder.	1
GM closed down $1.875 at $44.875 in New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday.	Earnings for GM common stock, reflecting the performance of GM's core automotive operations, will be disclosed this morning.	0
the issue was oversubscribed.	It's a segmented market, and if you have a good, strong credit, people have an appetite for it.	1
the market is still settling down after the recent correction.	Most of trading action now is from professional traders who are trying to take advantage of the price swings to turn a quick profit.	1
the investors would pay only a symbolic one lira for the station, "but we have agreed to raise the capital that will enable the company to continue operating.	It's sort of a Chapter 11 situation.	1
But the new union leader makes no apologies for Pemex's more outward-looking attitude.	If we do not integrate into this new world of interdependence, sooner or later we're going to become victims of our own isolation.	1
Batibot" lacks the polish of "Sesame Street.	Sound stages echo.	0
In an unusually candid article about the latest economic woe -- unemployment -- Pravda yesterday reported that three million Soviets have lost their jobs as a result of perestroika and the number could grow to 16 million by the year 2005.	Economists in Moscow are now proposing that the state start a system of unemployment benefits.	1
The nation's fourth-largest steelmaker earned $18.3 million, or 43 cents a share, compared with $61 million, or $1.70 a share, a year earlier, when the industry was enjoying peak demand and strong pricing.	Sales fell to $981.2 million from $1.02 billion.	0
We do not come to this House asking for any handout.	We do not intend to hide these costs from the American people.	0
House Speaker Foley ought to deliver that promise.	This is the way government is supposed to work.	1
Depicting the people of a traumatized city reeling from a disaster of unprecedented proportions was at the very best ludicrous under the circumstances.	Your narrow focus appears to be a contrived attempt to show the people of that historic city to be doddering fools.	0
For the Parks and millions of other young Koreans, the long-cherished dream of home ownership has become a cruel illusion.	For the government, it has become a highly volatile political issue.	0
Shops represented by the Automotive Service Industry Association and the Motor Equipment Manufacturers Association oppose any increase in warranty length.	They say the longer the warranty, the longer customers will automatically return to new-car dealers, which then find non-warranty work that might otherwise go to repair shops.	1
how tycoons such as the late Jean Paul Getty, the oil billionnaire, were, in fact, known only by one initial, their last.	When you're at the club, you ask whether they've spoken to `G.	1
Exhibit A is last week's House vote to fund 40 pet projects out of the same discretionary fund that is at the heart of the HUD scandal.	None of the grants had been requested by HUD, judged competitively or were the subject of a single hearing.	1
The fact that he is in the process of defending himself against the present charges could conceivably have an adverse impact on Y&R.	Mr. Klein will return to his post at the end of the trial "at which he will be vindicated.	0
to buy a piece of real estate in the city's rapidly reviving North Halsted Street restaurant and theater district.	Within a year Steppenwolf will move into a new 500-seat theater on that site.	1
Last year, when the rising Orange River threatened to swamp the course, the same engineers who are pushing back the Atlantic rushed to build a wall to hold back the flood.	Nothing is too good for our golf course.	1
For construction in West Virginia, Mr. Bush requested $4.5 million; Congress gave Senator Byrd's state $21.5 million..Senator Byrd is chairman of the Appropriations Committee..For Iowa, a $1.8 million request became $12 million for Senator Grassley, ranking minority member of a military construction subcommittee..Rep. Jamie Whitten of Mississippi and chairman of House Appropriations turned a $20 million Bush request for his state into a $49.7 million bequest.	Senator Sasser of Tennessee is chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on military construction; Mr. Bush's $87 million request for Tennessee increased to $109 million.	0
that he could sell Fujis to Taiwan buyers at $40 a box if he had them.	Taiwan already is a big importer of Fujis from other places.	1
There also has been speculation that Cathay will be among the major private-sector participants in the Hong Kong government's plans to build a new airport, with the carrier possibly investing in its own terminal.	Cathay officials decline to comment on the speculation.	0
The states have their own ideas about regulation and certification.	NASAA, the organization of state securities regulators, is pushing for a model regulatory statute already adopted in eight states.	0
the current volatility in U.S. markets pales in comparison to the 1930s, decades before derivative instruments such as options and futures were introduced.	I just can't believe that the innovations in the financial market are causing any of this volatility.	1
cooling investors.	Genentech stock fell 12.5 cents in trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange to $20.125.	1
Everyone falls in love with everyone else.	There is some pain, when Lucy has the baby and "didn't know she would feel like this" and wants to keep the baby.	0
the second large deal in the past week.	Last week, a unit of MNC Financial Corp. offered $268 million of home-equity securities.	1
Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days.	9.80%, standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages.	0
The heightened competition will hit IBM at a difficult time.	The computer giant's current mainframe line is starting to show its age.	1
A claim by Peter Testa of New York that a stranger paid him $500 to go into a bank and change $44,400 in small bills into large bills "is unconvincing," the Tax Court found.	It held that Testa is taxable on $44,400 of unreported income.	1
It's more of an important issue to keep control of those assets, rather than push the investor to move into (specific) products such as equities.	The equity decision will come when the client is ready and when there's a semblance of confidence.	1
West Texas Intermediate was bid up more than 20 cents a barrel in many overseas markets.	At the opening of the New York Mercantile Exchange, West Texas Intermediate for November delivery shot up 10 cents a barrel, to $20.85.	0
U.K. composite, or non-life, insurers helped support the London market by showing only narrow losses in early trading.	The insurers' relative resilience gave the market time to reappraise the impact of the California disaster on U.K. equities.	1
Rep. Neal's bill originally called on the Fed to reduce the inflation rate by one percentage point a year for five years and to maintain a zero inflation rate thereafter.	He altered the wording to win Mr. Greenspan's endorsement.	0
the combination of a second consecutive decline in monthly durable-goods orders and lackluster mid-October auto sales helped prop up the Treasury market.	A slowing economy and the implication of lower inflation and interest rates tend to bolster bond prices.	1
The volatility was dizzying for traders.	The market must have turned up and down 15 different times.	1
On May 19, the FDA began detaining Chinese mushrooms in 68-ounce cans after more than 100 people in Mississippi, New York and Pennsylvania became ill from eating tainted mushrooms.	In subsequent tests, the agency found smaller-size cans from several Chinese plants to be similarly contaminated.	0
that consultants can be very effective.	It's gotten to the point where if the case is large enough, it's almost malpractice not to use them.	0
Glenn and Sharon Beebe of Cincinnati had sued the com- pany in 1981 after installing Burlington carpets in their office.	The Beebes alleged that toxic fumes from the carpets made them sick.	0
Revco reacted cautiously, saying the plan would add $260 million of new debt to the highly leveraged company.	It was Revco's huge debt from its $1.3 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 that forced it to seek protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code.	0
They root among the designer offerings at Neiman-Marcus and Bullocks Wilshire.	They stroll through the marble-encased corridors of the Atrium Court.	0
Separately, a Qintex Entertainment shareholder filed suit in federal court in Los Angeles charging Qintex Australia with misleading shareholders about Qintex Entertainment's financial position.	it hadn't seen the suit and couldn't comment.	0
The transmogrified brokers never let the C-word cross their lips, instead stressing such terms as "safe," "insured" and "guaranteed" -- even though these terms may be severely limited in their application to a particular new financial product.	The names of some of these products don't suggest the risk involved in buying them, either.	0
but times have changed, even in Utah.	Mr. Redford no longer stands out as an extremist.	1
that, despite continued weakness in the region's real estate market, Bank of New England expects the rate of increase in nonperforming assets to slow in coming quarters.	that net third-quarter charge-offs, at $63 million, improved slightly from the $67 million in the second quarter.	0
Fed officials probably won't drive down rates immediately.	Despite the inflation news, several Fed officials still fear consumer-price pressures will intensify because they insist the economy is stronger than generally believed.	1
The competition is even more heated in the auto industry, where companies are racing one another in a world-wide market.	Nissan aims to expand its 25% share of the market to 30% by spending $141 million on a plant in southern Japan that could make as many as 240,000 cars a year.	0
And the risks aren't appropriate for us.	The big insurer, unlike Prudential, owns only about $150 million of publicly sold junk bonds.	1
Luxurious homes and ranches have been raided by the military authorities, and sophisticated and powerful communications equipment have been seized..More than 300 planes and helicopters have been impounded at airports, and a large number of vehicles and launches has been confiscated..The military has also captured enormous arsenals of powerful and sophisticated weapons, explosives and other war-like materiel.	Much has been accomplished.	0
DREXEL BURNHAM LAMBERT Inc. agreed to pay a $50,000 fine to Delaware.	Drexel doesn't have a Delaware office, but the New York firm has been negotiating settlements that would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted felon.	1
So the producers went to Capitol Hill, where a congressman from Georgia introduced a measure to ban centrifugal egg-breaking machines.	Mr. Maynard enlisted his local congressman.	0
that rebuilding the house in Los Gatos may cost more than Aetna's policy will pay.	We can lose money on this.	0
Now the ambivalent middle, a moral majority of sorts, is reasserting itself.	Within a few years, the outcome in most states is likely to be that abortion will be more restricted, but not completely banned.	1
The Continental junk bond offering, underwritten by Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., was the only new issue priced yesterday.	In the four-part offering, the $71 million of secured equipment certificates was priced to yield 13.75% to 15.75%.	0
Both plans would drop child-care provisions from the House version of the deficit-reduction legislation and let it progress as a separate bill.	While that could make it vulnerable to a veto by Mr. Bush that a presidential rejection would give their party a valuable issue in next year's congressional elections.	1
and transmitting information to combat commanders.	The Navy is ordering displays for its Aegis cruisers and the Army wants smaller versions for its Abrams battle tanks.	1
to provide a luxurious life style for its owners.	Lincoln's principal owner, Charles Keating Jr., and his family drew off at least $34 million from the thrift in salaries, bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year.	0
Here, too, Mr. Roberts is way off the mark.	The reality is that Bank loans have been linked to policy improvements for 40 years.	1
Both episodes wiped out Bank Bumiputra's shareholders' funds.	Each time, the bank's 90% shareholder -- Petroliam Nasional Bhd., or Petronas, the national oil company -- has been called upon to rescue the institution.	0
three factors accounted for the drop in third-quarter earnings.	The refinancing of $481 million in long-term debt reduced net income by $22 million, or five cents a share.	0
that it would drop its opposition to foreign ownership if Ciba-Geigy and Chiron are successful with their lower bid.	the new agreement would "replace" the old one that forms the basis of its suit against the Merieux takeover.	0
that Paribas blundered in failing to move sooner for the insurance and industrial group, bidding only after speculation had pushed up the price.	that his group initially intended to take only a minority stake, striking an alliance with current management.	0
In the Grand Boulevard Plaza developed by Matanky Realty Group in Chicago's Third Ward, opposite the Robert Taylor Homes, 29% of the stores to date have been leased to blacks and 14% to members of other minority groups.	Children from the community will have worthier role models than the drug kingpins.	1
The normal term for the 1986 and 1987 model 323 is two years or 24,000 miles; the term for the 1988 323 is three years or 50,000 miles.	the term on its warranty is already six years or 60,000 miles.	0
The White House warned that this would be an unconstitutional usurpation of its power.	When it threatened to use this provision as the test for a line-item veto, Congress caved.	0
It's ironic that David Boren should be in the center of this mire.	A former Oklahoma governor, he's a thoughtful defender of presidential powers in foreign policy.	1
That system has worked.	The standard of living has increased steadily over the past 40 years.	0
The deposit numbers for August marked a swing back to huge outflows after a July net deposit inflow of $54 million -- the only net inflow in more than a year.	Deposits aren't expected to exceed withdrawals in the foreseeable future, as the industry continues to shrink.	0
that the consultants' growing influence exacerbates the advantage of litigants wealthy enough to afford such pricey services.	The affluent people and the corporations can buy it, the poor radicals {in political cases} get it free, and everybody in between is at a disadvantage, and that's not the kind of system we want.	1
Bolar Pharmaceutical Co. posted the largest volume increase, 552,302 shares, to 2,157,656.	The company is under an investigation concerning procedures to gain Food and Drug Administration approval of generic drugs.	1
Parties are rather a state of mind.	If you are born to give parties, you give parties.	1
To date, we see no clear indication that the government is serious about negotiations.	All their utterances are vague.	1
By 1987, these properties were in a tailspin, causing my broker at Pru-Bache to remark that she'd "never seen anything like it.	Concerned for her state of mind, I dropped them -- and the market instantly began its steady climb back to health.	1
to screen the picture without telling stars Sylvester Stallone and Kurt Russell or Mr. Peters.	The less they know, the easier it is for us.	1
All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work but we can't all carry it to that extreme.	We're really at the mercy of what the construction industry can and will do readily.	1
The Miami-based company's stock fell $1.75 yesterday to $20.75 a share in heavy American Stock Exchange composite trading.	that Waertsilae Marine Industries, the Finnish shipyard that is building its three new cruise ships, planned to file for bankruptcy.	1
In the corner of his reception room is a delicate antique desk piled high with dossiers.	There is a small Renoir on the wall.	0
Architects complain about a host of building regulations.	Determining when handicapped access is required can be a nightmare for architects.	1
The executive order and the reported agreements with the Intelligence Committee are neither sensible nor moral.	As it now stands, the U.S. can bomb Tripoli, but can't "assassinate" Colonel Gadhafi.	1
the Cananea return to operation may not be as near as some expect.	There are still negotiations taking place on whether there will be a loss of jobs.	1
He hasn't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal.	Soviets remain in charge of education programs, a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture, and a hard-line Polish communist in exile directs the human-rights and peace division.	1
On the other hand, Mr. Cheney retained all those new land forces.	Marshall's ghost is satisfied for now.	1
Many money managers are bracing for a decline in stocks of companies with big debt loads on their balance sheets.	The junk bond market is being taken apart" because of recession fears, said J. David Mills, senior vice president at Boston Company Advisers.	0
But Mexico urgently needs more help.	Mr. Salinas's unpopular Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, faces congressional elections in 1991..For the PRI to stand a chance, Mr. Salinas has to press on with an economic program that so far has succeeded in lowering inflation and providing moderate economic growth.	1
Mr. Boren is confusing consensus on general principles with agreement on specific actions.	that even Grenada or the Libyan raid would have taken place if "consensus" had been required.	1
Even with that power show, though, the Oakland Series' star, certified by the Most Valuable Player award, was a pitcher, Dave Stewart.	He shut out the Giants on five hits in Game One, and allowed three runs on five hits in seven innings Friday after the 12-day break caused by the earthquake.	1
what could lead to the breakup of Santa Fe Pacific into free-standing companies for its railroad and energy operations, as well as real estate.	The debt-laden parent has been under pressure from large shareholders to boost the company's share price.	1
Not all Poles are pleased.	What do we want casinos for when we haven't got anything in the shops?" one housewife asked.	0
that the arbs paid an average of about $280 a share for their UAL positions.	That would indicate that the arbs have paper losses on UAL alone totalling $725 million.	1
The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties with health-care businesses -- or lose their government money.	Among other concerns researchers with business ties are more likely to falsify findings in order to tout new drugs.	1
With a new day dawning on the sport, Mr. Jones doesn't see a place for this sort of luxury.	It's just not cost efficient.	1
So the British experience presents a genuine puzzle that reaches far beyond the shores of Albion.	We had been soliciting opinions on it long before Mr. Lawson's resignation, and offer some of the collection for the benefit of his successor and one-time deputy, John Major.	0
Suddenly the woman begins swaying and then writhing.	She's being attacked by the demon," Mrs. Warren stagewhispers.	0
Nor is the group likely to come forward with a revised offer within the next 48 hours despite the hopes of many traders.	The group's advisers want to make certain they have firm bank commitments the second time around.	1
If that money were being taxed, it could bring the government a badly needed several trillion yen.	In 1984, an attempt was made to crack down on the industry with tougher restrictions.	1
Bloomingdale's is a 17-store chain acquired last year by Campeau in its $6.6 billion acquisition of Federated.	Bloomingdale's does an estimated $1.2 billion in annual sales.	0
Drugs were a major issue in two days of talks between French President Francois Mitterrand and Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez.	I demand the utmost severity in the fight against drug traffickers.	1
As the building's new owner, Chase will have its work cut out for it.	Chase is vacating 1.1 million square feet of space, and Salomon Brothers Inc., whose headquarters is in the building, also plans to move shortly.	1
He sold them well below market value to raise cash "to pay off mounting credit-card debts," incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend.	The curator, 27-year-old Sherman Krisher of Greenwich, Conn., had worked his way up from janitor in seven years at the museum.	0
We've taken a big loss.	We've taken it on the chin.	0
A strategic review is fundamentally different.	It would be run by the joint chiefs under simple directions: Produce the best possible force for each budget scenario and provide the Secretary of Defense with a comprehensive net assessment of how that force could be used to achieve U.S. goals.	1
Still, Berbera was the best we could get, so we stay in bed with President Barrah.	All these reports about him committing genocide are probably exaggerated anyway.	0
We know there are potholes for the city out there.	If any of us think we're going to sidetrack David's determination to be the best possible mayor because of his obligations to us, we are making a sad mistake.	0
The pilots might end up teaming up with their longtime adversaries, the machinists union, in a recapitalization.	The machinists are reviewing proposals they made in the past for recapitalizations that would pay a special shareholder dividend and give employees a minority stake.	1
But Saatchi's troubles have only whipped up interest among outsiders interested in picking off pieces of its ad businesses.	While Saatchi's major agency networks -- Backer Spielvogel and Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising -- would be difficult for any ad firm to buy because of potential client conflicts, its smaller businesses are quite attractive.	0
My revolutionary system is also useful for those who have tried customary forms of growing their currency cushion.	Like all Americans seeking chronic prosperity, I do find it necessary to plunge certain funds into conservative monetary tools, if only to assuage my father-in-law, who believes in such things.	1
The ground shakes underneath her.	It is an aftershock.	0
The dollar drew strength from the stock market's climb.	Long-term bond prices rose despite trepidation about what a key economic report will show today.	0
Mr. Frank told Mr. Pilson that Olympics officials wanted $290 million or more for TV rights to the 1994 Winter Games in Norway.	The CBS official said that price sounded fine.	0
that the mayor of Charleston complained bitterly about the federal bureaucracy's response to Hurricane Hugo.	The sense grows that modern public bureaucracies simply don't perform their assigned functions well.	1
that Latin American countries would be "profoundly disappointed" if Canada were to follow the U.S. lead in the OAS.	Latin Americans see Canada as a non-interventionist power that respects their sovereignty.	1
As a result, the Japanese people didn't know what to expect when the new law was introduced on April 1.	They were frustrated by the longer queues at the cashier and the small coins given as change.	0
Nevertheless, phone service was sporadic.	many computer terminals remained dark.	0
Most revisions it will propose will be geared toward slowing down program trading during stressful periods.	Computers have made trading more rapid, but that can be fixed with some fine-tuning.	1
We're encouraging a graceful transition.	Our attitude is that (the ranking) is like Miss America.	1
The market quickly discounted the weekly inventory report showing a 6.3 million barrel decrease in U.S. crude oil stocks as the legacy of Hurricane Jerry.	That storm hit the Gulf Coast Oct. 13, closing the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port for a time and preventing tankers from unloading.	1
Fred D. Thompson, a 47-year-old attorney in private practice in Washington and Nashville, Tenn., was elected to the board of this engineering and construction company.	The board increased to 11 seats.	1
Putting the Secretary of the Treasury on the Board of Governors, one of the leading proposals today, is an example.	The secretary is the world's biggest borrower of money.	1
Bond investors have been watching stocks closely.	When you get a big sell-off in equities, money starts to shift into bonds.	1
Mr. Icahn, the company's deep-pocketed, tenacious adversary, recently disclosed that he had raised his USX stake to 13.1%, and he again threatened a takeover..A battle with Mr. Icahn would rattle even the most seasoned chief executive, to say nothing of one who took the helm less than five months ago In addition, USX's giant steel segment, representing 34% of its 1988 sales, is facing softening demand and slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost minimills..The import quotas got only a 2 1/2-year extension, and USX is laboring under a staggering $5.8 billion debt at a time when it must spend money to upgrade steel mills and drill for oil.	It's a baptism of fire for Corry.	1
The Commerce Department also is trying to encourage HDTV because of the benefits that could spin off to the semiconductor and computer industries.	It isn't just yuppie television.	1
Even if the new Stanza succeeds, Nissan will remain behind in the subcompact segment, where its Sentra doesn't measure up to the Honda Civic and Toyota Corolla.	Nissan will introduce a completely revamped Sentra next fall.	1
agreeing to pay $15 of its own stock for each share of La Jolla.	that gives the transaction a value of $104 million.	1
For example, 12% of this year's respondents said they expect a recession within 12 months.	Last year, only 8% were expecting a recession.	0
he has received two anonymous death threats and been challenged to a fight with tire irons by a colleague.	The pilots are either for us or extremely against us.	0
However, that doesn't mean they can benefit from the vaccine.	Its effectiveness can't be determined until a large clinical trial is undertaken by the Army in January, according to Robert Redfield, chief of acquired immune deficiency syndrome research at Walter Reed Army Institute of Research.	0
but the West's embargo on military deals and uncertainty about the nation's stability kept many foreign exhibitors away.	Officials said 91 companies from 14 countries, including the U.S., had displays, down from about 260 firms from more than 20 countries at the last show.	0
But his inexperience raises doubts that he would have the political power to carry them out.	The 67-year-old Mr. Brizola has been vague about his intentions and often inflammatory in his rhetoric, but analysts say he probably would be pragmatic.	0
Mr. Lawson's speech came on the heels of a grueling period for the U.K. economy.	Two weeks ago, in a campaign to blunt inflation at home and arrest a world-wide plunge in the pound, he raised base rates a full percentage point to 15%.	1
But for South Gardens, the grid was to be a 3-D network of masonry or hedge walls with real plants inside them.	In a letter to the BPCA, kelly/varnell called this "arbitrary and amateurish.	1
that the ESP baskets are risky and not in the best interests of the investing public.	the new product, with the $5 million minimum, will benefit only big institutional investors and could lead to "wild spasms of volatility.	1
I didn't know if it was World War III or what.	Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind.	1
BankAmerica dropped 1 1/4 to 29 1/2 on 2.3 million shares amid rumors that the earthquake last week in the San Francisco area had caused structural damage to its headquarters building.	The company denied the rumors and noted that it doesn't own the building.	0
He is going to face a mess.	His supporters are not venal, but their solution to everything will be to spend more money, and he won't have any money.	1
to make a plea to the millions of readers of this newspaper, to become soldiers dedicated to the fight against the use of drugs.	Each gram of cocaine consumed is a deadly bullet against those in our country and in the rest of the world who fight this terrible scourge.	1
Sales of Xerox copiers and other office products grew 1.6%.	we expected growth of 6% to 7%.	0
Volume was estimated at 800 million shares, compared with 678 million Tuesday.	Declining issues outnumbered advancers 505-455, with 172 unchanged.	0
and then, with a crack of the bat, was sent rocketing back into the lower leftfield stands.	Giants fans went into euphoria.	1
and that he turned to comedian Jackie Mason for help with Jewish voters.	Mr. Mason left the campaign after telling reporters Mr. Dinkins is "a fancy 'shvartzer' with a moustache.	0
Federated ran into a cash crunch after it was acquired last year by Campeau.	that Federated decided to sell off the jewels of its retailing empire, including Bloomingdale's.	1
At the same time, he must give it sufficient freedom to provide the economic benefits so desperately needed.	It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor.	1
The suit, which seeks class-action status, was filed in Delaware Chancery Court.	The complaint alleges that the price is "unfair and grossly inadequate" and that the defendants are seeking to ensure a "lockup" of the purchase of Unitel, thereby discouraging other bids.	0
Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas says it hasn't had any problem recruiting, even after a nurse contracted the virus while injecting an AIDS patient. "I can tell you that nobody quit over it..No one panicked," a spokeswoman says.	St. Paul Medical Center, also in Dallas, sees only a "minimal erosion" of support staff due to AIDS.	0
I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court, through Justice and through state and federal regulatory agencies.	I see Congress as a last resort.	0
Franco Reviglio, ENI chairman, looks for sweeping structural change in the oil industry as a result of environmental issues.	He made a special trip to examine U.S. environmental trends because they are often followed in Europe.	0
He is 37, an astronomer with impressive credentials, and something of a genius at making computers do his bidding.	He once described himself as a "Berkeley Hippie," and played the role well; obligatory ragged jeans, a thicket of long hair and rejection of all things conventional, including, for a time at least, formal marriage to his "sweetheart," Martha Matthews.	0
Blue chips led the march up in heavy trading.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 39.55 points to 2683.20.	1
And the egg producers have done a pretty good job.	They tried to put Mr. Maynard out of business by an act of Congress.	0
He made a special trip to examine U.S. environmental trends because they are often followed in Europe.	ENI needs to know what's coming as it prepares to spend some $1.3 billion on upgrading its refineries.	1
About 5,500 hourly workers will be laid off for a week beginning Oct. 23, and overtime has been eliminated at the plant for the fourth quarter.	That's a significant change from earlier this year when the plant worked substantial overtime only to have sales fall short of the company's bullish expectations.	0
Even if Mr. Crandall is correct, he of all people must realize our society relies on competition to keep prices at a competitive level.	In 1986, he settled an antitrust suit based on a taped telephone conversation of him proposing to Braniff's president that they both raise fares 20%.	1
In fact, the last time they played this badly was in 1960, their opening season.	Average attendance at their games, about 49,000 last year, continues flat.	0
it had to boost spending for trade and dealer incentives to try to keep volumes from slipping.	consumers will adjust to higher-priced soft drinks.	0
BEWARE OF HEAVY DEBT.	The companies apt to run into earnings problems soonest are the ones with heavy debt loads.	1
Still, the long view of Robert Bork as constitutional thinker must be a spotty one.	His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine, which keeps the Court clear of transient group pressures and leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures and executives..Unfortunately, Mr. Bork failed to distinguish between such pressures and the emergence of great issues critical to a society that must be settled judicially if it is to cohere.	1
She signed up, starting as an "inside" adjuster, who settles minor claims and does a lot of work by phone.	A year later, she moved to the commercial property claims division.	0
The three business areas engaged in rolling bearing operations continued to show favorable sales development.	Sales of rolling bearings increased 19% to 15.7 billion kronor from 13.2 billion kronor in the corresponding period the previous year.	0
The clash of ideologies survives this treatment, but the nuance and richness of Gorky's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle.	As for the humor that Gorky's text provides, when repainted in such broad strokes (particularly by the lesser members of the ensemble) it looks and sounds forced.	0
They are already industrialized.	Their problem is one of inefficiency of an industrial economy.	1
The direct-mail industry, not surprisingly, is fuming at the injustice of it all.	After all, this is the industry that has a hard enough time getting any respect, that is the butt of so many jokes that television's "L.A..Law" portrays direct-mail-mogul David as short, bald, intensely nerdy, and unremittingly boring.	1
Compaq Computer nose-dived $8.625 a share, to $100, and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday.	Later yesterday the nation's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter.	0
MCI, which stepped up efforts to sell long-distance telephone service to residential customers, reported a 59% jump in earnings.	Revenue rose 23% to $1.67 billion from $1.36 billion.	0
British Airways dropped out of the current bidding for United Air's parent, leaving a UAL management-pilots group without a key partner.	British Air's move raised new questions about the buy-out group's efforts to revive a stalled bid for UAL.	1
Pharmaceuticals made across-the-board advances.	Fujisawa Pharmaceutical gained 130 to 1,930 yen ($13.64) a share, Mochida Pharmaceutical was up 150 at 4,170, and Eisai advanced 60 to 2,360.	0
the company may ultimately sell some of the smaller units.	he might sell "a marginal agency or office.	0
Mr. Dozen knows these problems firsthand.	When he arrived in the U.S. in 1969 he tried selling Japanese yen-denominated bonds to U.S. investors.	1
Storage, which includes computer controllers and 3.5-inch disk drives, represents nearly two-thirds of the company's business.	Disk drives generated 38% more revenue in the most recent period compared with the fiscal first quarter a year earlier.	0
But the market turmoil could be partially beneficial for some small businesses.	In a sagging market, the Federal Reserve System "might flood the market with funds, and that should bring interest rates down.	1
Still, AMR's stumble doesn't bode well for the rest of the industry.	The Fort Worth, Texas, company is generally regarded as one of the best-run in the business.	1
that different rules governing stock and futures markets are partly responsible for volatility.	These rules permit faster and cheaper trading in futures than in stocks, which frequently knocks the two markets out of line.	1
Does the tyke have a good mind about to be wasted.	Is he a victim of Gramm-Rudman cuts.	0
Male scandal victims invariably fare better.	Anne Burford, the former EPA chief who resigned under fire in 1983 during a flap with Congress, was kayoed in the confrontation, even though she was never charged with official wrondgoing.	0
steel profits were close to a cyclical peak.	Though imports were troublesome, they weren't running away with the market.	0
Like Lebanon, Israel is being remade by demography.	In Greater Israel more than half the children under six are Muslims.	0
Congress (I) will win only 150 seats, a quarter of the house, if the opposition fields single candidates in 80% of the races.	the opposition will struggle this week to unite.	0
as much of the Polish center as possible will be made from aluminum, steel and glass recycled from Warsaw's abundant rubble..A 20-story mesh spire will stand atop 50 stories of commercial space.	Solar-powered batteries will make the spire glow.	0
Donald Vinson, who oversees the experiments, isn't some white-coated researcher.	He heads Litigation Sciences Inc., the nation's largest legal consulting firm.	0
More than 100 people were injured, and a number of workers were missing.	Parts of the Houston Ship Channel were closed.	0
December delivery gold eased 40 cents an ounce to $380.80.	December silver was off 3.7 cents an ounce at $5.2830.	0
they have a hard time believing that commercial considerations were the only reason.	Japanese banks are under "political pressure" as well.	1
Three Soviet government officials will visit Tehran next month for talks.	Under an agreement signed last June, the Soviets will help Iran in oil exploration and other areas in return for exports of Iranian natural gas.	0
predicting that the revived market could significantly boost Westinghouse's bottom line in coming years.	Westinghouse's earnings could be materially enhanced in the mid-1990s or sooner.	0
For one thing, quite a number of the leading spokesmen on Wall Street are not portfolio managers.	They are economists and financial reporters.	0
Mr. Wachtel points to Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc. as examples.	They're selling for 18 to 22 times estimated 1990 per-share earnings.	1
The first enables the soviets to set prices for which goods may be sold.	the second bans cooperatives from buying "industrial and food goods" from the state or other cooperatives.	0
In today's markets, specialists (on the New York Stock Exchange) and "upstairs" market makers (in the over-the-counter market) are the only market participants allowed to play a direct role in the price-determination process.	When they halt trading, all market liquidity is gone.	1
which fell 26.23 to 2662.91.	Declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outpaced advancers, 1,012 to 501.	0
You've got to give these chairmen the opportunity to see if they can work things out.	This is a democratic process -- you can't slam-dunk anything around here.	1
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it couldn't sell.	First Boston financings for several other highly leveraged clients, including Ohio Mattress, unraveled as the high-risk junk bond market plummeted.	0
It was like driving down the highway watching a wreck.	Everybody was rubber-necking.	1
To be sure, the program hasn't completely stalled.	The Asset Privatization Trust, the agency chiefly responsible for selling government-held properties, has recorded sales of more than $500 million since it began functioning in December 1986.	1
we see how pious cant subverts the soul.	Stevens's dutiful conflation of the public and private realms -- like his beloved master's -- destroys all it was designed to preserve.	1
that the move appeared to be mostly technical.	Traders who had sold contracts earlier, in hopes of buying them back at lower prices, yesterday were buying contracts back at higher prices to limit their losses.	1
One group is the Committee on State Taxation.	its efforts begun in 1989 have led to the introduction of bills in Massachusetts, Minnesota and Colorado to establish evenhanded procedures affecting all kinds of taxpayers.	0
Trucking, shipping and air-freight companies have announced rate increases, scheduled for this fall or early next year, reflecting higher costs and tightened demand for freight transport.	they expect freight rates to rise at least as fast as inflation and maybe faster in the next few years.	0
Canadian Pacific finally took its majority block off the market this spring.	It turned out we couldn't sell it.	1
At current allocations, that means EPA will be spending $300 billion on itself.	It may not be toxic, but we know where one waste dump is.	1
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday's auction to 7.79% for a bond-equivalent yield of 8.04%.	The discount rate on six-month Treasury bills fell slightly to 7.60% for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.99%.	0
but Mr. Rudman also succeeded in attaching language seeking to curb the authority of the current board until new members are confirmed.	The effective date of any new regulations by the current board would be delayed until Oct. 1 next year.	1
ending a long association between the two companies that has turned increasingly bitter recently.	Goodson has accused Ingersoll of paying less attention to its properties and more to such ventures as the recent launch of the St. Louis Sun.	0
Study after study -- the most recent from the Brookings Institution -- tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside interference and are governed by a powerful head..With that authority, of course, goes an unambiguous accountability.	Schools that are structured in this way produce students with higher morale and superior academic performance.	0
that its marketing focus would differ sharply from IBM's.	This is not your father's mainframe It's a whole new generation.	1
Traders five feet from each other were making bids and offers that were a full point apart.	You could buy at the bid and sell at the offer and make a fortune.	1
Mr. Schwarz's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz.	Mr. Schwarz's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974.	0
there is a damned good chance someone is going to hit the skids on this.	some insurers who had purchased reinsurance to limit their exposure to catastrophes will discover that reinsurance was used up by Hurricane Hugo.	1
She was the child of relative privilege.	Her mother was a translator; her father was "the eternal vice director.	0
The U.S. defines it as "premediated, politically motivated violence perpetrated against noncombatant targets by subnational groups or clandestine state agents.	To meet the U.S. criteria it only listed incidents that involved civilians and occurred inside its pre-1967 borders.	1
so.	baby boomers will continue to be selective in their brand loyalties.	0
The bad news, however, hasn't been bad enough to kill the growing demand for financial planning.	The Tax Reform Act of 1986, which eliminated many tax shelters peddled by planners, and the stock market crash the next year did cause a sharp slump in such demand, and many planners had to make an unplanned exit from the business.	0
Have you told investors what is happening in your sector.	What about your track record.	0
Turkey isn't really part of Europe.	Why, they wonder, should it belong to the EC.	1
But many consumers probably will use the extra time to put off some purchasing until the last minute.	What you'll hear as we get into December is that sales are sluggish.	1
California officials plan to ask Congress for $3 billion or more of federal aid, in the form of grants and low-interest loans.	The state has a $1 billion reserve, and is expected to add $1 billion to that fund in the next year.	0
So far, as a price-conscious shopper, Manville hasn't bought much.	Even though they have borrowing power, they have been disciplined about acquisitions.	0
Yesterday, Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration's strategy of pushing the capital-gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles.	Pushing the issue on legislation needed to avoid default by the federal government doesn't seem to be very good strategy to me.	1
The strong dollar is expected to knock 80 to 85 cents off IBM's per-share earnings for the full year.	Without that problem, IBM might have matched last year's earnings of $5.81 billion, or $9.80 a share.	0
A thin man in a gray suit looks up from a newspaper.	Mr. Niciporuk sits.	0
but its computers were knocked out.	Backup computer tapes were hand-carried to an IBM office in Philadelphia, and the company expects its mainframe to be up in a few days.	1
and may soon face a cash crunch.	As of June 30, it had settled about 15,000 of 81,000 claims filed and its unpaid claims totaled $136 million, a large portion of its $268 million in cash and marketable securities.	1
that the state of the economy isn't a simple black or white.	Sometimes, like now, it's gray.	0
In the third quarter, AMR said, net fell to $137 million, or $2.16 a share, from $150.3 million, or $2.50 a share.	Revenue rose 17% to $2.73 billion from $2.33 billion a year earlier.	0
that would require rate increases of only 4.8% annually for seven years.	The state of New Hampshire has favored that plan.	1
AT&T applauded the FCC's actions.	The time is long overdue to take a look at the fierce competition in the long-distance business and the rules governing it," the New York telecommunications firm said in a statement.	0
although weaker foreign currencies reduced the company's earnings.	that systemwide sales would have been $115 million greater had 1988 exchange rates remained in effect.	0
But economic arguments, however solid, won't necessarily impress Hong Kong's 5.7 million people.	Many are refugees, having fled China's unending cycles of political repression and poverty since the Communist Party took power in 1949.	1
Mr. Peterson promised the bank purchase would be completed by the end of 1988 or the money returned.	Mr. Peterson took the plaintiffs' and other investors' money to a meeting of the bank's directors.	0
thin is in.	that in the 20 years before Gramm-Rudman was enacted in 1985, federal spending grew by about 11% a year; since the law, it's grown at under 5% annually.	1
The Financial Times 100-share index finished at 2161.9, up 12.6 points.	The 30-share index ended 12.6 points higher at 1751.9.	0
But any lawyer will select the facts and the strategy to employ.	In our system of advocacy, the trial lawyer is duty bound to present the best case he possibly can.	1
COMPARE P/E RATIOS WITH PROSPECTS.	that investors compare price/earnings ratios (the price of a share of stock divided by a company's per-share earnings for a 12-month period) with projected growth rates.	0
State Senator J.E. "Buster" Brown, a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general, introduced the bill.	an altered license would be an "embarrassment" to teenagers and young adults and would act as a deterrant to drug use.	1
The CFTC may take those arguments into account by allowing exceptions to its restrictions.	The agency didn't cite specific situations where dual trading might be allowed, but smaller exchanges or contracts that need additional liquidity are expected to be among them.	1
For Vietnamese, these are tricky, often treacherous, times.	After years of hesitation, economic and political reform was embraced at the end of 1986, but ringing declarations have yet to be translated into much action.	1
Futures, on the other hand, are a zero sum game -- a market for making side bets about the direction of stock prices.	You don't own anything.	1
The $6 billion that some 40 companies are looking to raise in the year ending March 31 compares with only $2.7 billion raised on the capital market in the previous fiscal year.	In fiscal 1984, before Mr. Gandhi came to power, only $810 million was raised.	0
One news show we saw yesterday even displayed 25 federal officials meeting around a table.	that the mayor of Charleston complained bitterly about the federal bureaucracy's response to Hurricane Hugo.	0
But the market is changing.	The government is funding several projects to push PC use.	1
Wall Street reacted swiftly yesterday to the disaster by bidding up stocks of construction and related companies.	Shares of Lone Star Industries Inc., a cement maker, rose sharply in anticipation of stepped-up demand.	0
So far they have issued scores of subpoenas, some of which went to members of the New York Merc.	Mr. Thompson will have to face some of the consequences of those subpoenas.	1
and reduce the deficit.	Repeal would generate more in new taxes than the government would lose in increased Social Security benefit payments.	1
he'd play for free.	You can't give it up that easily.	1
Reports from branches are that there has been greater interest in the last day or so.	deposits Monday were about $5 million higher than usual.	0
But his complaint that "Days of Rage" doesn't contain balanced comments from Israelis about how badly the Palestinians are behaving is irrelevant.	It's like doing a documentary on apartheid and insisting that equal time be given to how terrific white South Africans are.	1
UAL Corp. 's difficulty in obtaining bank financing for its leveraged buy-out and its resulting price plunge is a tip-off to what's going to happen to "takeover stocks.	Takeover activity will slow down as more and more banks tighten their lending requirements.	0
Whatever the outcome of a test case, President Bush would have to move cautiously becase the very attempt would "antagonize not just Democrats but Republicans.	Republicans have as much interest as Democrats in "the way the system works.	1
The first part, consisting of $2 billion of bonds due Oct. 1, 2019, with a five-year non-call provision, was priced as 8 3/4% securities at 96.808 to yield 9.06%.	The 30-year issue was priced at a spread of 105 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bellwether bond.	0
A Kodak spokesman declined to disclose the potential value of the contract.	He said that American Telephone & Telegraph, MCI Communications Corp., Rochester Telephone Corp. and IBM itself would likely be Digital's subcontractors on the project.	0
Du Pont still holds an edge in making the pigment because the company was "first in with the technology" to lower costs.	Du Pont holds about 23% of the world-wide market, the largest single share, at a time when growing uses for the pigment have kept it in tight supply, although others are now adding low-cost production capacity.	0
a market plunge like Friday's "shatters investors' confidence in their ability to make any judgments on the market.	The long-term outlook for the retail brokerage business is "miserable.	1
that the West German company held talks with the luxury auto maker over possible joint ventures.	Although Daimler has said it isn't interested in mounting a bid for Jaguar its name further underlined the growing interest in the British concern.	1
The Fuji, to be sure, has blemishes too.	It ripens later than most apples.	0
The Nobel committee made the first addition.	John Dingell's congressional committee created the second.	0
Because the ANC remains banned, both the government and the organizers denied it was an ANC rally.	They both called it a "welcome home" gathering.	0
Deutsche Bank plummeted 12 to 645, hurt by the general mood.	Other banks were slightly more resilient, with Dresdner Bank shedding 4.8 to 320, and Commerzbank slipping 2.5 to.	0
the new package calls for the elimination of only the most tradedistorting ones.	Less objectionable ones would be subject only to some restraints, and others with a "relatively minor trade impact" would be allowed to continue under certain conditions.	0
the capital restructuring plan has been approved by Malaysia's Capital Issues Committee and central bank.	Malaysia's High Court is expected to approve the plan.	0
The bonds are all rated single-A by Moody's Investors Service Inc.	The underwriters expect a single-A-minus rating from Standard & Poor's Corp., which has the issue under review.	0
Still, Akzo hasn't yet found a way to achieve another goal: a large presence in the U.S. market for prescription drugs.	prices for U.S. pharmaceutical companies remain too high, making it unlikely that Akzo will pursue any major acquisitions in that area.	1
it has won few new accounts while losing big ones, including Maxwell House.	I think {Mr..Phillips} is going to need some help.	1
Michael J.C. Roth, USAA executive vice president, called program trading "mindless.	He said there is "no valid investment reason" for stock-index futures to exist.	0
But increasing volatility in the sector has exhausted investors who try to follow its dips and swings.	The stocks have been pummeled repeatedly by inventory gluts and disappointing earnings as the industry matures and slows.	1
That temblor measured 6.1 on the Richter scale.	Tuesday's was.	0
The defense also learned that college-educated people were uncharacteristically conservative about the Vietnam War.	A more blue-collar panel became a second aim.	1
Dumez said group profit after payments to minority interests rose to 252 million francs ($40.1 million) from 148 million a year earlier.	Revenue rose 40% to 13.32 billion francs from 9.53 billion.	0
The day after that conversation at the residence of the U.S. ambassador, the Brezhnevite editor of Pravda, Victor Afnasjev, was replaced by a college classmate of Mr. Gorbachev's.	Brezhnevite holdovers have more to fear from Mr. Gorbachev than the verbal spanking he gave to the press.	1
The most common conflict involves compensation.	that nearly 90% of planners receive some or all of their income from sales commissions on securities, insurance and other financial products they recommend.	1
that the preliminary estimate of the third-quarter gross national product is due out tomorrow and is expected to be up about 2.5% to 3%.	If the number is a little better, then copper will respond positively, if it is worse then more selling could ensue.	1
which will be used for international service and repair operations.	the new space will allow Compaq to increase the manufacturing capacity of its plant in Erskine, Scotland.	1
The CBOE opened for business on April 26, 1973, in what had been a Board of Trade lunchroom..It listed just 16 options to buy a "pilot list" of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange. (Puts, or sell options, would not be added until 1977.	The 282 members had paid $10,000 apiece for seats.	0
Manville advanced 3/4 to 10.	The company offered to purchase $500 million of convertible preferred stock from the trust that handles its payments to asbestos victims.	0
Wang's are finding ways to combat the bad news.	It's very important that we exude confidence.	1
The $475,000 sale price earlier this month was the lowest in nearly three years.	Exchange seats hit a peak of $1,150,000 in September 1987.	0
He puts in busy six-day weeks.	To keep his schedule on track, he flies two personal secretaries in from Little Rock to augment his staff in Dallas.	0
The damage to the Bay area's roadways could cause significant economic hardship.	A quarter of a million people cross the Bay Bridge every day.	1
The company posted third-quarter earnings of 95 cents a share, down from $1.26 a year earlier.	that losses from Hurricane Hugo reduced net income by 32 cents a share in the most recent quarter.	1
The drop in those and other technology stocks contributed to an 0.7% slide by the Nasdaq composite index.	It finished at 467.22, down 3.45.	0
Even least-cost environmental solutions will require billions of dollars.	New types of financing must make funds available without draining Poland's hard-currency reserves.	1
For the third quarter, Rubbermaid earned $32.6 million, or 44 cents a share, up 16% from $28.1 million, or 38 cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales rose 9.7% to $351.5 million from $320.4 million.	0
The largest beneficiary will be Seagram Co.	the company will post additional pretax profit of about $33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends.	0
Adding insult to injury, United's 25,000-member Machinists' union, which helped scuttle financing for the first bid, yesterday asked UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf and other UAL directors to resign.	A similar demand was made by a group that represents some of United's 26,000 noncontract employees.	0
This is just not so.	The reality is that Bank finances are rock solid.	0
After practicing law locally, he was elected to his first 10-year term as judge in 1971; in 1981, he was effectively re-elected.	Six years ago, Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state's 400 judges.	0
but that doesn't mean the country must learn to live forever with this mess.	President Bush has the power to change how Washington works, if only he will use it.	0
Airlines also say their frequent-flier programs are squeezing profits because awards are being redeemed at a heavier-than-normal rate.	One airline official said about three times as many free-travel coupons are being turned in as in previous years.	0
Those who manage ideology and a large number of writers reacted badly" to the restyled paper.	After months of internal rumblings, Mr. Ngoc was fired last December.	1
Almost simultaneously, PaineWebber began a very visible buy program for dozens of stocks.	The combined buying rallied the Dow into a small gain, before closing at a slight loss.	1
The company has made payments of $175 million against the original $585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization.	These payments consisted of $54 million in scheduled payments and $121 million in prepayments, funded by $82.8 million from operating cash flow, zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales.	0
One of the major selling points used by Los Angeles financier Alfred Checchi in getting the takeover approved was that the deal didn't include any junk bonds.	That was seen as an advantage in lobbying airline employees and Washington regulators for approval of the contested takeover.	1
He told me to choose an area where just by being mediocre I could be great.	He tried management consulting, traded in turquoise for a while, and even managed professional wrestlers.	1
Heating oil prices also rose.	November gasoline slipped slightly.	0
that Mr. Simmons, the chairman of Valley National Bank in Phoenix, is the Republican appointee.	The Democratic appointee hasn't been determined.	0
Milton Roy jumped 2 to 18 3/8.	Crane said it holds an 8.9% stake in the company and may seek control.	0
President Bush badly wants a line-item veto and has long called for a law giving it to the president.	that he might not rely on Congress to pass the line-item veto law he seeks.	1
The jokes aren't just on the Japanese, though.	Regie Nationale des Usines Renault, the French auto maker, has a concept car called the Megane..The name is supposed to connote feminine grandeur, but in Japanese it means "eyeglasses.	0
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, First Union shares rose 25 cents to $23.	Florida National stock closed unchanged at $25.875 in national over-the-counter trading.	0
I come to the floor tonight as one who ended up with a busload of extraneous matter.	It was nothing more or nothing less than a feeding frenzy.	0
this is a market that required some level of security.	It did not make sense to offer unsecured paper in an unsettling market.	1
Those, of course, were the responses of people with something to hide.	One wonders how other college athletic officials would behave under the same circumstances.	0
To compare temperatures over the past 10,000 years, researchers analyzed the changes in concentrations of two forms of oxygen.	These measurements can indicate temperature changes.	1
The gatherings in East Berlin and elsewhere were viewed as part of a government effort to stop activists from staging protests to press their demands.	Dissidents in Czechoslovakia said the nation's pro-democracy movement was growing despite the government's move to crush a protest Saturday in Prague's Wenceslas Square.	0
but more than half is likely to go to the Union Nacional Opositora party.	Critics warned such cash contributions may only undercut the opposition party's standing.	0
Sears is negotiating to refinance its Sears Tower for close to $850 million.	The retailer was unable to find a buyer for the building.	1
He dies.	The demonstration was non-violent and involved only a simple misdemeanor, but its impact on that individual was violent and terminal.	1
The Maidenform name "is part of American pop culture.	Maidenform generated such memorable campaigns as "I dreamed I . . . in my Maidenform bra," and "The Maidenform woman..You never know where she'll turn up.	1
Although encouraging dialogue between managers and workers, Mr. Smith doesn't countenance what he considers insubordination.	When a large group of pilots once signed petitions opposing work-rule and compensation changes, he called a meeting in a company hangar and dressed them down for challenging his authority.	0
Tokyo's Nikkei index of 225 issues rose 111.48 points, or 0.32%, to 35107.56.	The index gained 527.39 Tuesday.	0
Today a President can still send up spending rescissions, but they're meaningless unless Congress has a guilty conscience and changes its mind.	This is like asking foxes to feel remorse about chickens.	0
He has two more years at Texas A&M.	Right now he takes people out to fish in the bays behind the barrier islands that curve for hundreds of miles along the eastern coast of Texas.	0
Also, because UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf and other UAL executives have joined the pilots' bid, the board might be forced to exclude him from its deliberations in order to be fair to other bidders.	That could cost him the chance to influence the outcome and perhaps join the winning bidder.	1
Chubb rallied 3 3/4 to 86 1/2.	Aetna Life & Casualty gained 1 3/8 to 61 1/8.	0
Bush is conferring with leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee to ease differences over guidelines for CIA agents.	that a strict interpretation of a policy requires the U.S. to notify foreign dictators of certain coup plots.	1
The Catastrophic Coverage Act would add a stop-loss provision next year to limit the maximum beneficiaries must pay for doctors.	Both the House and Senate bills to reduce the cost and coverage of the catastrophic-care plan would eliminate the cap on doctor's bills.	0
This put Mrs. Thatcher in a bind.	The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to intellectuals, the media and the imagination, but are full of practical pitfalls.	1
and after the February election their future in any form will be murky at best.	Instead of focusing on the Contras, Mr. Bush has switched to urging members of Congress to approve financing for the election campaign of political opponents of Nicaragua's Sandinista government.	1
The United Nations, which is distributing farm tools to returning refugees in Namibia, is rethinking a plan to hand out machetes because of the tense political climate during preparations for independence from South Africa.	The decision to distribute machetes at this time, which could be used as weapons, is under review.	0
and, traditionally, its mayor is the nation's best-known urban politician.	Democrats hoped that Mr. Dinkins could become a highly visible national leader.	1
Disclosures are very poor in India.	the big questions -- "Do you really need this much money to put up these investments?.Have you told investors what is happening in your sector?.What about your track record? -- "aren't asked of companies coming to market.	0
Lloyd's is on the ropes.	It needs more discipline.	1
The critics also lambasted the magazine industry for something executives often are very proud of: the growth in magazine titles during the 1980s.	consumer magazines are suffering from what he called "niche-itis,"the increasing number of magazines that target the idosyncratic interests of readers.	1
the acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of increases in interest expense and charges for depreciation and amortization, but that it expects the losses to be reduced through productivity gains and above average growth of the company's hospitals.	the ratings anticipate a successful debt-reduction program and modest improvement in discretionary cash flow because of planned asset sales.	0
B.A.T Industries, the most active Amex issue, rose 3/8 to 12 3/8.	The company received shareholder approval for its restructuring plan, designed to fend off a hostile takeover bid from a group headed by financier Sir James Goldsmith.	0
It made my shoelaces dance with terror.	Why, he used to lay in wait for Cap; suddenly he'd leap from behind some statue of Marshall onto Cap's chest and grab him by the throat and choke him till he coughed up an additional $2 billion or so.	1
hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel, a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi.	Mr. Achenbaum has counted among his clients some of the most visible blue-chip advertisers in the country, including Nissan, Toyota, Seagram and Backer Spielvogel clients Hyundai and J.P. Morgan.	1
The stock market reacted as Mr. Rahn did.	The stock market, after all, represents the collective expectations about the value of the future income stream of the nation's capital stock, discounted to present value.	1
for allegedly raping and savagely beating a prostitute, according to a U.S. Embassy cable from that period.	The woman had nearly died.	1
Given China's far-from-conciliatory statements to its own people, Mr. Bush may be unable to prevent new sanctions.	Beijing officials have said they will step up the campaign of arrests and intimidation against those who participated in the demonstrations.	0
Futures prices rose on a report that Cuba may seek to postpone some sugar shipments.	The March contract advanced 0.14 cent a pound to 14.11 cents..According to an analyst, Cuba can't meet all its shipment commitments and has asked Japan to accept a delay of shipments scheduled for later this year, into early next year.	0
they aren't aware of any effort to take over the company, but believed the shareholder plan needed to be strengthened.	The board has stated repeatedly that Rubbermaid should be independent.	1
Mr. Florio's forcefulness on the abortion issue after the Webster ruling divides some of his old constituency.	Pasquale Pignatelli, an unlikely but enthusiastic pipe major in an Essex County Irish bagpipe band, speaks sadly of Mr. Florio.	0
after Pittston refused to sign the UMW's national labor pact.	Pittston seeks changes in health and pension benefits, among other things.	1
For more than 50 years the federal government has tried various ways to provide housing for the poor and revive cities.	In the process HUD has wasted untold billions, created slums and invited corruption.	0
But it also offers opportunities.	Americans are well poised to supply the weapons.	0
Despite the widening gap between the two sides, conferees eventually followed the pattern set in previous years by opting to roughly split the difference.	That would hold spending on the program at about the previous year's level.	1
By contrast, the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions.	Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system.	0
Still, with competitors such as Eastman Kodak Co. faltering in copier sales, Xerox's sales increases "were encouraging.	They are holding their own in a weak market, and the restructuring is working.	1
PRIMERICA Corp., New York, raised its quarterly 14% to eight cents a share, from seven cents, payable Nov. 24 to stock of record Nov. 6.	its "continued confidence in the ongoing strength of the operations.	1
They talked of the aftermath.	I never thought it would become so momentous," Bobby remarked.	0
while the Georgia Democrat was taking his side against regulators who wanted to curb risky investments and wholesale deposit brokering.	He recently voted "present" when the committee authorized a subpoena to compel Mr. Keating to testify.	0
On abortion, their own day will come.	Eventually even Republicans will find a way to frame the issue in ways that expose pro-choice absolutism.	1
The Roth plan would create a new, non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement, but also for the purchase of a first home and to pay education and medical expenses.	Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs but would be subject to tax.	0
But the tax-preparation business simply has no more room to grow.	You go to any medium-sized town in the U.S. and you're going to see H&R Block tax services.	1
he would write the letters as ordered.	I accept the resolution of the matter by the Ethics Committee.	1
In 1796, Mayer Amschel Rothschild founded Bankhaus M.A. Rothschild & Sons and later sent his four sons to London, Paris, Vienna and Naples to begin the bank's expansion during the early 19th century.	The original bank in Frankfurt closed in 1901 after the death of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild, and the family's banking activities focused on London and Paris.	0
Two weeks ago, in a campaign to blunt inflation at home and arrest a world-wide plunge in the pound, he raised base rates a full percentage point to 15%.	Despite the increase, the British currency slid below a perceived threshold of three marks early last week.	0
Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev's need for "a stable currency, free and competitive markets, private property and real prices" and other pie-in-the-sky reforms.	Perhaps he'd have called for "a decentralized political and economic system" without a dominant communist party.	0
Why can't we teach our children to read, write and reckon.	It's not that we don't know how to, because we do.	1
S.G. Warburg, also mentioned in the rumor mill, jumped 14 at to 414.	Jaguar advanced 19 to 673 as traders contemplated a potential battle between General Motors and Ford Motor for control of the U.K. luxury auto maker.	0
I was an eyewitness of the most newsworthy event on the planet at that moment.	What was my angle.	1
Meanwhile, bond investors are laboring under the onus of a national debt ceiling debate.	Although the Treasury is expected to announce details of its November quarterly refunding operation today, the Nov. 79 schedule could be delayed unless Congress and the president act soon to lift the nation's debt ceiling.	0
that dual trading improves liquidity in the markets because traders can buy or sell even when they don't have a customer order in hand.	liquidity becomes a severe problem for thinly traded contracts such as those with a long time remaining before expiration.	1
that if it takes only 43 cents to buy a dollar's worth of a firm's capital stock, an alert entrepreneur won't look the other way.	His assumption is that the underlying profitability rate will go up and the capital assets he bought on the cheap will soon be producing profits.	1
In 1988, 18 months after the sixth congress formally endorsed family-run private enterprise, district authorities allowed Mr. Chan to resume work.	By late last year he was invited back as "the tire king" to display his products at a national exhibition.	0
And, while the mutinous Fed member hasn't gone public, some Fed governors, most notably Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson, are known to have disagreed with the chairman's decision to remain silent.	Ironically, the anonymous official's comments have earned some plaudits for Mr. Greenspan.	0
Sterling was already showing some signs of a lack of confidence in Mr. Lawson's promise Friday.	In European trading it declined to $1.5890 and 2.9495 marks from $1.5940 and 2.9429 marks late Thursday.	1
The index of leading indicators got a major boost in September from a surge in consumer expectations as measured by the University of Michigan.	This measure had dropped sharply in August.	0
and the user of a computer won't be able to tell that another machine is doing the work.	The Task Broker "turns that network into -- as far as the user is concerned -- one giant computer.	1
Triggering the re-examination is a recent city council decision to give preference in letting city contracts to suppliers with a stated policy on child care for their employees.	The preferential treatment even applies to awarding small contracts under $25,000 and consulting and temporary services -- which often go to the smaller concerns.	0
As part of his image polishing, Mr. Krenz is expected to take modest steps toward reform to rebuild confidence among the people and reassert the party's authority.	Besides sacking other senior Politburo officials who allied themselves with Mr. Honecker, Mr. Krenz could loosen controls on the news media, free up travel restrictions, and establish a dialogue with various dissident groups.	1
BEING A TRAVEL agent used to be pretty glamorous.	Now it's getting downright dangerous.	0
Food, tobacco, drugs and utilities are the classic examples.	Recession or not, people still eat, smoke, and take medicine when they're sick.	1
My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking.	I think a few of the aftershocks might just be my body shaking.	0
When Mr. Pilson is asked directly -- can you make money on all this? -- he doesn't exactly say yes.	What you're really asking is, Are the profit and loss margins anticipated on the events acceptable to management?" he says.	0
that the two are discussing the proposal but a decision hasn't been made.	We are considering that offer along with all other alternatives.	0
In one way, the psyllium middlemen -- the buyers and exporters -- are glad to keep news of the boom to themselves.	They want psyllium prices low for their purchases next year.	1
Reform starts in the Pentagon.	Strategists should consider the impact of budget uncertainties at the beginning of the planning process.	0
The idea was to let small investors, the backbone of the fund business, deal in the money market's high short-term interest rates.	This had been the exclusive province of those rich enough to use six-figure sums to get income that was figured beyond the third or fourth decimal place.	0
Volume on the first section was estimated at 800 million shares, compared with 841 million Wednesday.	Winners outnumbered losers 645-293, with 186 issues unchanged.	0
After various adjustments, they produced a 0.5% rise in the index for August and a 0.2% rise for September.	September, and the change from August, are: from 1.11 in the previous month.	0
Substituting a rule of thumb for your own judgment" can be a mistake.	An earnings disappointment may reflect a situation that's short-term.	1
Today more than 470 money market funds have total assets exceeding $350 billion.	The companion tax-exempt funds add $71 billion.	0
On this morning, he doesn't sell much in Radzymin, either.	At closing time, farmers cart out most of what they carted in.	0
Yesterday, Joel Zweibel, an attorney for Eastern's creditors committee, declined to comment on whether the experts had ever been instructed to look at other choices and whether they now were asked not to.	He said only that the committee has not yet taken any position on Eastern's reorganization plan and that the two sides were still negotiating.	0
Your Oct. 2 editorial "Reding, Wrighting & Erithmatic" on the recent "education summit" was like most pieces on the subject of education.	It had little to say.	0
Still, for those with a long-term eye on the vast U.S. retail market, this is a tempting time to look for bargains.	Britain's B.A.T Industries PLC is trying to unwind its U.S. retailing operations, which include such well-known stores as Saks Fifth Avenue, Marshall Field's, Breuners and Ivey's.	1
its operations in the San Francisco area have been reduced to 40% of normal.	that although none of the company's terminals, trucks or airplanes were damaged in the quake, road shutdowns and power failures have impeded its pickup and delivery of packages.	1
it's time to take a fresh look at the nation's central bank.	After 75 years there may be a few things that are worth reexamining.	1
On the morning of the crash, he had been put on notice that an audit committee was recommending his dismissal because of invoicing irregularities in a company audit.	Investigators have been trying to determine whether the crash was an accident, sabotage or suicide.	1
But Mr. Greenberg's sanguine outlook isn't matched by many fast-food industry observers.	Smaller chains and single-store operators will be the first to fail.	0
In order to defuse pressure for an amendment, Mr. Mitchell and House Speaker Thomas Foley (D., Wash.) had arranged for lawmakers to pass a statute barring flag desecration before voting on the constitutional change.	Mr. Bush said he would allow the bill to become law without his signature, because he said only a constitutional amendment can protect the flag adequately.	0
President Bush told reporters a few months ago that he was looking for the right test case to see whether he already has the line-item veto.	Vice President Quayle and Budget Director Darman said recently they've joined the search.	0
Of all the unflattering portraits of small-town America I've seen on TV, this film is the most gratuitously nasty.	The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate (Jaclyn Smith), and she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk, a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches and repressing sex.	0
A sinking pound makes imports more expensive and increases businesses' expectations of future inflation.	that the exchange rates will have a "major role in the assessment of monetary conditions.	0
David H. Eisenberg, 53 years old, was named president and chief operating officer of Imasco's 500-store Peoples Drug Stores Inc. unit, based in Alexandria, Va.	Mr. Eisenberg was senior executive vice president and chief operating officer.	0
The big word around Specialized is passion.	What I hope to bring to this is another word: process.	0
There's an equally pressing deadline for the government to define its monetary and economic ties to the rest of the European Community.	It has sent mixed signals about its willingness to take part in the exchange-rate mechanism of the European Monetary System.	0
As of March 1, its Flint office, with about 2,500 employees, stopped delivering bulk mail and non-subscription magazines.	Employees were told that if they really wanted the publications, they would have to have them sent home instead.	0
It's a quiet retreat.	It's nothing dramatic, just a routine sell-off.	0
Beverly Hills, Calif. -- $116,385,000 of refunding certificates of participation (civic center improvements project), due 1990-2004, 2007, 2016 and 2019, tentatively priced by a Goldman, Sachs & Co. group to yield from 6% in 1990 to 7.19% in 2016.	Serial certificates yield to 7.10% in 2004.	0
But Mr. Lesko's staff is beginning to wonder whether there isn't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest.	Is the government not helping anybody?" asks Toni Murray, an assistant to Mr. Lesko.	0
The market is still very touchy about rumors and news on pending takeovers.	UAL, which is trying to reconstruct a buy-out bid that banks wouldn't finance, represents the future of one of the most powerful ingredients in the bull market-corporate restructuring.	1
Moreover, with 88% of its assets tied up in Manville, the trust is badly in need of diversification.	Obviously, a diversified portfolio would have less risk.	1
Demonstrations are particularly apt to degenerate into criminal conduct when they leave the site of the grievance and become mobile.	Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing, auto trashing, arson, window breaking, looting, pocket picking and general hooliganism.	1
One simple approach is to exclude S&P 500 companies considered bankruptcy candidates.	this can avoid weak sisters, but also can hurt when a company like Chrysler Corp. rebounds.	0
For travelers, though, the industry's problems have had some positive effects.	In recent weeks, airlines have cut numerous fares in leisure markets to try to win back customers.	1
Nikon forecast sales for the year ending March 31 will rise 9.6% to 240 billion yen.	Pretax profit is expected to increase 18% to 22 billion yen and net income is expected to rise 53% to 10.5 billion yen.	0
West German government officials and Western analysts are doubtful.	He doesn't signify what people want, so the unrest will go on.	1
I can assure you from personal experience, it works.	I have been taking it daily since 1961.	0
At the time, the Merksamer chain had 11 stores in operation.	Today, there are 77 units, all located in shopping malls.	0
one equipment failure forces a complete plant shutdown.	On some days, the Nucor plant doesn't produce anything.	1
that retail chains will be sold on the basis of their sales and earnings, not liquidation values.	Retailers who had good track records of producing profits will have a better chance to buy back their companies.	1
Moreover, BankAmerica continued to build its reserve against troubled foreign loans by boosting its loan-loss provision to $170 million.	The provision rate was far above BankAmerica's actual net credit losses of $24 million in the third quarter.	0
The data is a red flag, but lacking the financial data you can't make a case that discrimination is widespread.	Certainly the federal government should take a hard look at it.	0
But this skittishness is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks.	It's harder to sell stocks when the sell programs come in because some market makers don't want to {take the orders.	1
that a study found that Japan's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 0.8% if carbon-dioxide emissions remained at this year's level of 300 million tons.	The study will support arguments against capping carbon-dioxide emissions that Japan will make at a U.N.-backed conference on atmospheric pollution next month.	1
The ad campaigns usually follow one of three tracks -- stressing the company's `Texasness, ' pointing out the competition's lack thereof, or trying to be more Texan than Texans.	Ford trucks may outsell Chevy trucks in places like "Connecticut and Long Island," sniffs a commercial for Chevrolet, a division of General Motors Corp.	0
He recommends such blue-chip growth stalwarts as Philip Morris, PepsiCo, CPC International, Reebok International, and Limited Inc.	All have a fiveyear earnings growth rate of more than 20% a year.	1
I trusted.	I trusted in his lordship's wisdom.	0
Shippers won't be able to look for transportation-cost savings as they have for the last eight or nine years.	Transport rates won't be an opportunity for offsetting cost increases in other segments of the economy.	1
He also lets workers vent steam through an elaborate grievance procedure and, as a perk, fly free in empty cockpit seats.	He gives pep talks in periodic "family briefings" beamed internationally on "FXTV," the company's own television network.	0
but rejected Judge Leval's argument that the public interest in scholarship could outweigh the sanctity of copyright.	We conclude," the two judges wrote, "that laches is the sole bar to the issuance of an injunction." Had the suit been filed in time, they said, "Bare-Faced Messiah" would have been suppressed.	0
Graham Phillips has been there a long time, knows the culture well, is aggressive, and apparently gets along well with" Mr. Sorrell.	It's probably a reasonable transition.	1
the court has indicated it will make a decision on or about Nov. 27.	Sea Containers will soon set a date for its annual shareholder meeting to seek holder approval for the offer.	1
There were many indications that the new work hours implemented by major corporations played a big role.	The Golden Gate handled as many cars as normally yesterday, but over four hours rather than the usual two-hour crush.	1
that "installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances, and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences.	We are now witnessing a slowdown which, if history is a guide, could persist for a while.	0
so much so, in fact, that some older employees have resisted.	Nissan handled the die-hards in a typically Japanese fashion: They weren't fired but instead "were neglected.	0
We think it's a step in the right direction for Bethlehem.	It's important to share the risk and even more so when the market has already peaked.	1
Some analysts are especially wary of credit-card issues.	For one thing, credit-card loans are unsecured.	1
Silver's history of volatility is also discouraging investors.	Even in the present uncertain investment climate, investors are preferring "quality assets" such as Treasury bills and bonds to gold, silver and platinum.	1
Judge John E. Sprizzo issued the order in Manhattan federal court.	The judge held that the combination of colors used for the Sony products is distinctive and subject to protection under New York state law, rather than federal law.	0
Why, he used to lay in wait for Cap.	suddenly he'd leap from behind some statue of Marshall onto Cap's chest.	0
that it makes good sense to focus more on its most loyal customers than on people who buy competitive brands.	The probability of converting a non-user to your brand is about three in 1,000.	1
now widely discredited.	Before the 1987 crash, an estimated $60 billion in institutional money was managed under this hedging technique.	0
In addition to the new mainframe hardware and software, IBM announced a magnetic-tape system for data storage that it said occupies half as much floor space as older systems but can store five times as much data on a single cartridge.	That should help IBM address the damage that a resurgent Storage Technology Corp. has inflicted in that market.	1
That's just what Joseph Granville expects.	We are going to explode lower.	0
This is really two orders in one, generally for the same security or commodity, instructing floor brokers to fill whichever order they can first and then cancel the other order.	In a fast-moving market, it prevents an investor from getting stuck with having made two trades on the same security.	1
airline stocks took a beating as well.	The Dow Jones Transportation Average fell 49.96 to close at 1254.27.	0
But others, large landowners, real-estate developers and business leaders, say the government's proposals are intolerable.	the critics are lobbying for the government to weaken its proposed restrictions and penalties.	1
We've gotten all the benefits of deregulation in freight-cost reductions.	Now we are starting to see real freight-rate increases as carriers replace equipment, pay higher fuel costs and pay more for labor.	1
that the more valuable the asset, the harder the privatization process.	You just don't see a whole lot happening.	1
Maybe I'm a little stuffy, but I wouldn't sell them.	Who knows how much they'll be worth 100 years from now.	1
But traders who risk money handling big blocks of stock were shaken.	This market is eating away my youth," said Chung Lew, head equity trader at Kleinwort Benson North America Inc.	0
that in the 20 years before Gramm-Rudman was enacted in 1985, federal spending grew by about 11% a year.	since the law, it's grown at under 5% annually.	0
that a line-item veto would go a long way in restoring discipline to the budget process.	that a president needs the ability to surgically remove pork-barrel spending projects that are attached to big omnibus spending bills.	1
For Zel Herring, owner and a cook at the Sandhills Luncheon Cafe, a tin building in midtown, all this has made for a very good year.	After 11:30 a.m. or so "we have them standing and waiting.	1
He simply hasn't explained why something worth a million dollars ended up worth $58,000 two years later.	It's ludicrous for him to suggest it's the difference between the 'breakup' value of the shares and their market value.	1
S&P also lowered ratings on unsecured deposits and issues backed by a letter of credit from the bank holding company's principal unit, Valley National Bank of Arizona.	the downgrades reflect the continued slide in the company's financial condition.	0
I bet it takes a real tough truck to haul your Ivy League buddies to the yacht club.	Because they want a truck that is "Texas tough Texans drive Chevy.	0
which has been so lucrative in the past.	Much of this work was done for higher fees than other legal work.	1
The U.S. proposal also was criticized by food-importing developing countries.	While many experts argue that food-importing nations would eventually become self-sufficient in a free-market system, the poorest nations are likely to need help in the meantime.	1
Over the summer, Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time.	Anheuser's entry into the fray means near-term earnings trouble for all the industry players.	1
For one thing, it's unlikely that many people would receive federal death sentences, let alone be executed.	Most of the crimes incorporated in the Thurmond bill are exceedingly rare.	1
to go into money funds when rates are rising and shift out at times such as the present, when rates seem headed down.	With average maturities of a month or so, money funds offer fixed share prices and floating returns that track market interest rates, with a slight lag.	1
HUGO FELLED vast timberlands.	South Carolina's congressional delegation has entered Senate and House bills to provide special casualty-loss treatment and other tax relief for timber growers in the hurricane disaster areas.	1
In exchange offers that expired Friday, holders of each $1,000 of notes will receive $250 face amount of Series A 7.5% senior secured convertible notes due Jan. 15, 1995, and 200 common shares.	For each $1,000 face amount of debentures, holders received $250 of Series B 11% senior secured convertible notes due Oct. 15, 1998, and 200 common shares.	0
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry.	Personal Computer" yearbooks are lined up on nearly every desk, and dog-eared copies of Nikkei Computer crowd magazine racks.	0
After hours of conflict and debate, that jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity.	In real life, jurors may not always work that way, but some court observers question why they shouldn't be encouraged to do so rather than be programmed not to.	1
Some so-called high-quality junk issues, such as R.H. Macy & Co. 's 14 1/2% subordinated debentures, rose.	The Macy's issue closed up about one point at a bid price of 97.	0
The Bush administration accused Israeli Prime Minister Shamir of hindering peace efforts in the Mideast with "unhelpful" and disappointing statements.	Shamir said Tuesday that he was prepared to risk a policy conflict with the U.S. over an Egyptian plan to hold direct Israeli-Palestinian talks.	1
The office of foreign investment has authorized some $1.78 billion worth of investment proposals.	Most of the proposals are in tourism, basic industry and fishery and agro-industry projects.	0
But several other traders contend investors have overreacted to junk-bond jitters, and that stock prices will continue to recover.	They shot the whole orchestra just because the piano player hit a bad note," said Laszlo Birinyi, president of Birinyi Associates Inc.	0
The changes haven't come easy.	Like the game of professional football, the NFL organization itself is in turmoil.	0
The baccalaureate bonds seem to be tailor-made for college savers.	Like other zeros, they pay all their interest at maturity, meaning that buyers can time things so that their bonds pay off just when Junior graduates from high school.	1
Why the timidity.	At the very least, the odds are heavily weighted against the prospects of preventing the Khmer Rouge and Cambodia's communists from ultimately moving against their opponents..When that day comes, it would be particularly awful to know that the United States sat on military aid and deprived these people of the means to settle their fate with at least a little honor.	1
Despite his racial advantage, to be a great butler is a heroic calling.	one's pantry is "not unlike general's headquarters during a battle.	1
Several months ago, it also added black health and beauty aids displays to many stores.	We certainly see an increasing trend toward that.	1
Getting a grip on the extent of the damages is proving a far more difficult task than what insurers faced after Hurricane Hugo ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month.	The earthquake's toll, including possible deep structural damage, goes far beyond the more easily observed damage from a hurricane.	1
For the nine months, Los Angeles-based H. F. Ahmanson had profit of $128.1 million, or $1.29 a share, a 4.6% decline from earnings of $134.2 million in the year-ago nine months.	the decline was attributable to a 79% reduction in net gains on loan sales this year.	0
The practice is, however, legal in most cases.	the Postal Service's only job is to deliver the mail to the mail room; once it gets there, a company can do with it what it wishes.	1
he has not made that intellectual leap.	We were wrong.	1
Among companies mentioned by analysts as possible counterbidders for Nekoosa are International Paper, Weyerhaeuser, Canadian Pacific Ltd. and MacMillan Bloedel Ltd.	I'm sure everybody else is putting pencil to paper.	0
Why anyone would want to close themselves off {from direct mail}, a priori, doesn't make any sense.	It smacks of big brotherism.	1
Assume that a TV network is airing a celebrity interview program with a live audience.	The politician appearing is highly controversial and has recently generated a good deal of rancor amid certain groups.	0
United's directors voted themselves, and their spouses, lifetime access to the Friendly Skies -- free first-class travel, and $20,000 a year for life as well.	Conceivably, in a scaled-back buy-out, they could be bumped back to coach seats for life.	0
Cemetery officials hope the ads will not only draw visitors but bolster burials and endowment fund contributions.	Lake View had an operating deficit last year and has a poor reputation as an out-of-repair and crime-infested cemetery.	1
Many agencies roll over their debt, paying off delinquent loans by issuing new loans, or converting defaulted loan guarantees into direct loans..In any case, they avoid having to write off the loans.	Some agencies simply keep bad loans on the books.	0
There are, of course, obvious dangers to blatant, unsubstantiated name-dropping.	that dropping the wrong name labels the dropper as a fake and a fraud.	0
Real, aftertax returns from financial assets are on the order of 1% or 2% a year.	The capital-gains tax reform is a step toward correcting one of the gravest structural weaknesses of the U.S. economy, the closely connected phenomena of low savings rates, weak capital formation and high capital costs.	1
the problem is intolerable for many people.	I'm afraid of a popular revolt if this situation isn't corrected.	1
However, the Panama episode has raised questions about whether the NSC staff is sufficiently big, diverse and powerful to coordinate U.S. policy on tough issues.	During the coup attempt and its aftermath, NSC staffers were "stretched very thin.	1
These droppers don't flaunt only their friendships with the Trumps, Brooke Astor or Georgette Mosbacher.	They even drop semi-obscure names like Wolfgang Flottl, whom everybody these days apparently has heard of but no one really knows.	0
Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis.	Whether they are or are not underpaid is a problem of equity; it is not an educational problem.	1
Mr. Noriega's friend, Mr. Wittgreen, would be handling the shah's security.	It wouldn't be a good idea to indict him -- much less Mr. Noriega.	1
plans had called for 7,000 copies of the monthly Are Paev (Business Paper) to be sold at newsstands and an additional 3,000 promotion issues to be sent by direct mail.	13,000 more copies were sent to Estonia because of strong sales.	0
Yesterday's election was a sequel to Enfield's annual meeting in June when Mr. Blair disallowed proxies in favor of two Hees nominees.	The Ontario Supreme Court overturned Mr. Blair's decision.	0
Here, wedged between shifting dunes and pounding waves at the world's most inhospitable diamond dig, lies the earth's most precious jewel box.	Thanks to centuries of polishing by Mother Nature 98% of the diamonds uncovered are of gem quality.	1
Suppose an investor wants to sell a stock, but not for less than $55.	A limit order to sell could be entered at that price.	1
It's probably a reasonable transition.	Hopefully, he'll be the answer to the problems they've had in New York.	0
and also shunning bonds.	Because he sees a "5% to 6% base rate of inflation in the economy," he doubts that interest rates will fall much any time soon.	1
Now, in the wake of UAL's troubles in financing its buy-out, the airline raiding game has been grounded.	Instead of hoping to sell his USAir stake at analysts' estimated buy-out price of $80 a share, Mr. Steinhardt is stuck with roughly 3.7 million USAir shares that cost him $45, on average, but yesterday closed at 40 1/2, up 1/4, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1
Even the minority of them who must register with the Securities and Exchange Commission as "investment advisers have been enough to swamp the agency's capacity.	The SEC has only about 200 staffers assigned to keep tabs on investment advisers -- about the same as in 1980 -- even though the number of advisers has tripled to about 15,000 over the past decade.	1
For most field workers, it's about time.	Mr. Ramirez just got the first raise he can remember in eight years, to $8.50 an hour from $8.	0
They believe technology is one of their best bets.	The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high-tech items in New York and West Germany.	1
Prospective competition is one problem.	Last week a closely held New Jersey concern, Papetti High-Grade Egg Products Co., rolled out an aseptically packaged liquefied item called Table Ready.	1
Two ironies intrude.	This has been widely dubbed the BART Series, after the local subway line, and the Bay Bridge Series.	0
Three of the largest offerings, by Exxon Capital Corp., Xerox Corp. and Citicorp, were underwritten by groups led by Salomon Brothers Inc.	Exxon Capital, long-rumored to be a potential debt issuer, offered $200 million of 10-year notes priced to yield 8.31%.	0
Consequently, Mr. Lawson saddled Mrs. Thatcher with a record trade deficit, renewed inflation and high interest rates -- three political failures in a row.	Little wonder that Mrs. Thatcher's opponents were so anxious to keep Mr. Lawson in office.	1
At the State University of New York at Brooklyn, researchers flash two groups of different letters on a computer screen in front of human guinea pigs.	Between flashes, certain areas in subjects' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator.	0
Retailers could get a boost this year from the calendar.	Christmas falls on a Monday, creating a big last-minute weekend opportunity for stores.	1
Gary Ciminero, economist at Fleet/Norstar Financial Group, Providence, R.I., expects the deflator to rise 3.7%, well below the second quarter's 4.6%, partly because of what he believes will be temporarily better price behavior.	He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1% for the quarter, noting a wider trade deficit, slower capital and government spending and the lower inventory figures.	0
it makes sense to have some money in both utilities and gold.	My outlook is for a decline of about 10% in corporate profits" in 1990.	1
Early in the day, bonds rose modestly on economists' forecasts that this week's slate of economic data will portray an economy headed for trouble.	Such news is good for bonds because economic weakness sometimes causes the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in an effort to stimulate the economy and stave off a recession.	0
When they were making the decision, all hell broke loose with the finances.	the Lilly executives told him they couldn't take the risk with Wang.	1
Mr. Morishita considers himself a connoisseur of art.	In 30 years of collecting impressionist and Japanese paintings, he has acquired 600 items enough to persuade him to start a museum next year.	1
Lucy, of course, is pretty and smart, though uneducated.	Everyone falls in love with everyone else.	0
I'll always be with you, Jack.	Don't worry.	1
that people are frightened.	The aftershocks of Oct. 13 (when the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 190 points) are still reverberating.	1
But does it have to be so soon.	that even if CFCs were released into the atmosphere at an accelerating rate, the amount of ozone depletion would be only 10% by the middle of the next century.	1
One of the best deals, though, may mean skipping Christmas dinner with the relatives.	This week, many carriers are announcing cut-rate fares designed to get people to fly on some of the most hallowed -- and slowest -- days of the year, including Christmas.	1
And they won't consider such a dividend, the trust added, before results are available for the first quarter of 1990.	the need to retain cash for possible acquisitions.	1
Our pilot simply laughed, fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us, oh, a good 12-inches above the water level.	We scuttled along for a few feet before he plunged us into the drink again.	0
who was fired by the Alley board 18 months ago.	Her dismissal angered many in the regional theater establishment and led Peter Zeisler, head of Theatre Communications Group, to write an editorial in American Theatre magazine condemning the board.	0
We are going to explode lower.	Anyone telling you to buy stocks in this market is technically irresponsible.	1
I owe that contractor.	I really do.	0
One early user is NEC Corp. 's U.S. printer marketing arm.	They want the full press releases on printer announcements by their competition.	1
If you are born to give parties, you give parties.	Even in Russia we managed to give parties.	0
The best team won this Series, which is more unusual than it may sound.	Baseball ain't football, where the good teams beat up on the bad ones.	1
Oppenheimer's Mr. Palmero, meanwhile, is steering clear of Gaylord Container, Stone Container and Federal Paper Board.	Mr. Schneider is cool to Georgia Pacific and Abitibi-Price.	0
He sipped tea sweetened with honey from his high-backed leather chair at his bench, while scribbling notes ordering spectators to stop whispering or to take off their hats in his courtroom.	Four years ago, he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers' strike.	0
By 1982, he was selling thousands of tires.	Newspapers published articles about him, and he was hailed as "the tire king.	0
WATCH FOR EARNINGS DISAPPOINTMENTS.	A company doesn't have to post a loss to be a candidate for sale.	0
President Carlos Salinas de Gortari used the army to oust La Quina.	Now, Mr. Guzman Cabrera is facing accusations that he's as much a company man as La Quina was a crook.	0
the heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy that might have slowly accumulated during the experiments' quiescent times, as some scientists have suggested.	There is a reality to the excess energy.	0
rate discounting in that industry has begun to "stabilize.	Consolidated Freightways plans to raise its rates 5.3% late this year or early next year, and at least two competitors have announced similar increases.	1
Import competition for U.S. furs has risen sharply since furriers started aggressively marketing "working-girl mink" and similar lower-priced imported furs in recent years.	Merchants discovered a consumer largely ignored by higher-priced furriers.	1
Though she opposes abortion in almost all cases, she airs a TV commercial using pro-choice buzzwords.	A woman ought to have a choice in cases where her life or health are in danger and in cases of rape or incest," she proclaims.	0
Other key economic indicators due this week include today's release of the September leading indicators index and new-home sales.	Tomorrow, the October purchasing managers report is due.	0
Other airline stocks were mixed.	AMR rose 3 3/8 to 72 1/4; USAir Group fell 1 1/2 to 38 5/8, and Delta Air Lines rose 1/2 to 66 1/2.	0
Mr. Hutchinson predicted that the unit's contribution to company results in the 1990s "will be exciting.	He said Westmoreland is looking at investment stakes in other cogeneration plants east of the Mississippi River.	0
the telephone company needs to monitor operators to evaluate performance during the first six months on the job.	Sometimes we'll pull someone off the phones for more training.	1
Last March, this newspaper reported on widespread allegations that the company misled many customers into purchasing more credit-data services than needed.	In June, the company agreed to settle for $18 million several lawsuits related to its sales practices, without admitting or denying the charges.	0
but one it must shoulder alone in the East Bloc.	When Poland moves to reform, it can at least lean on its past.	1
observers don't rule out a transaction of that size.	The Japanese take the long view.	1
The bank is now aggressively marketing retail services at its domestic branches.	Last year's drop in export credit was partially offset by a 15% surge in lending to individuals and small and medium-sized companies.	1
The Amex Market Value Index recorded its sharpest gain of the year by climbing 4.74 to 382.81.	Volume totaled 14,580,000 shares.	0
Once activated, the card would sit in the car's window.	When the motorist returned to his car he could turn the card off.	0
but Mr. Whitten has been adamant in insisting that the program be cut in 1990.	The 79-year-old Mississippian takes a more orthodox, entrenched view of agriculture policy than those in the movement to reduce chemical use, but as a master of pork-barrel politics, he is believed to be annoyed as well that the project moved to Arkansas from a Tennessee center near Memphis and the northern Mississippi border.	1
today may be an anxious day for the market.	Several key economic figures are due out and Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson is scheduled to give the annual "Mansion House" address to the financial community.	1
In one ad, a photo of the interior of the Sainte-Chapelle in Paris is paired with the headline, "The only book more respected than ours doesn't accept advertising.	Another ad pictures a tree ant, magnified 80 times, with the headline, "For impact far beyond your size consider our regional editions.	0
An improvisational section was built around pieces by Mr. Douglas, beginning with "Golden Rain," a lilting, laid-back lead in to the uptempo "Sky," which gave Mr. Stoltzman the opportunity to wail in a high register and show off his fleet fingers.	Bach's "Air" followed.	0
I don't feel down or done in because I show British serials on my television network or read their books.	it is a normal adult relationship.	0
In 1987, Hong Kong's most prosperous year for a decade, 30,000 left, up 58% from the previous year.	Last year, 45,000 went.	0
This is common with a lot of large companies.	Managers are afraid how they're going to look in the eyes of their peers.	1
People aren't necessarily running scared.	They're maintaining their attitude toward investing, which has leaned toward the conservative recently.	0
Prospect Street High Income Portfolio, for instance, now holds about 15% in cash and equivalents, nearly quintuple the amount it held earlier this year.	the fund, which is 40% leveraged, has maintained a "substantial cushion" between its borrowing costs and the yields of the portfolio's bonds.	0
a surge in tax receipts noted earlier in the year didn't turn out to be quite as strong as it first appeared.	The Treasury marked up its forecast by $17 million in July, but that proved to be about $5 billion too optimistic.	0
Futures rallied modestly.	The December contract rose $33 a metric ton to $1,027, near its high for the day.	0
And First Meridian's president, Roger V. Sala, portrayed himself as a "financial expert" when his qualifications largely consisted of a high-school diploma, work as a real-estate and insurance salesman, and a stint as supervisor at a highway toll booth.	First Meridian and its officials are currently under investigation for possible criminal wrongdoing, according to a spokeswoman for the attorney general.	1
When Anne Volokh and her family immigrated to the U.S. 14 years ago, they started life in Los Angeles with only $400.	They'd actually left the Soviet Union with $480, but during a stop in Italy Ms. Volokh dropped $80 on a black velvet suit.	1
On it, a quarter of the country's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its grain, beef, eggs and milk, and nine-tenths of its fruit, vegetables and potatoes.	Like the Roman Catholic Church, the Polish peasant is a pillar of the nation.	1
it was beyond all expectations; what a coup.	Dallas, its economy based on oil and real estate, has been in a slump.	1
It smacks of big brotherism.	They're going to decide what their employees can or cannot read.	1
Fortunately, volunteers and charities are not motivated by self-interest, but by altruism.	Why should they have to co-exist with opportunists rushing in to turn a quick profit.	1
So far, neither the Bush administration nor arms-control experts in Congress seem moved by arguments that these problems may take more time to thrash out than President Bush has allowed.	They argue that the bigger danger would be that the West would delay action so long that the Soviets might back away from the current conciliatory attitude.	0
its experience during the shortage didn't merit the $5 million to $50 million investment U.S. Memories is seeking from each investor.	At this time, we elected not to get involved.	1
On most days, the desert's heat and the cool of the ocean combine to create a mist like a damp rag.	The wind, stinging with sand, never seems to stop.	0
Six-month CDs of $50,000 and less yielded an average 8.02% in the week ended Tuesday, down from 8.10%, according to Banxquote.	The yield on six-month T-bills fell to 7.82% on Monday, from 8.01% the week before.	0
For his part, Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe.	A face-to-face meeting with Mr. Gorbachev should damp such criticism, though it will hardly eliminate it.	1
the company was disappointed by the ruling.	The obligation is totally unwarranted.	1
Yesterday, the company said the negative after-tax effect on earnings for the year will be about $3.3 million.	For the nine months ended July 31, Bank Building had a net loss of $1 million, on revenue of $66.5 million.	0
They gleefully await the "dream season" in 1990.	CBS will air the Super Bowl, baseball playoffs, college and pro basketball finals and other premier sports events.	1
I find it very difficult to say that.	Sometimes at a reception or cocktail party I advance these views and people head for somebody else.	1
The computer giant, whose U.S. results have been dismal for years, noted that revenue rose again in the U.S. in the third quarter, following an increase in the second period.	The company said in a statement that "demand for IBM products and services continues to be good world-wide.	0
On Oct. 19, 1987, some investors learned the consequences of entering "good-til-canceled limit orders" and then forgetting about them.	They found they had bought stock from limit orders that they might have entered weeks or months earlier and had forgotten to cancel.	1
The completion of the merger agreement follows months of twists and turns.	In January, American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer, Richard A. Gilleland, 45.	0
They may not have been able to articulate it all, but they did it.	What you have here is intuition made manifest.	1
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell (D., Maine) was confident he had enough votes to block the maneuver on procedural grounds, perhaps as soon as today.	Mr. Packwood all but conceded defeat, telling Mr. Mitchell: "I sense at this stage you may have the votes.	0
While the company has always been family-run, Mr. Brawer isn't the first person to marry into the family and subsequently head Maidenform.	Mrs. Coleman's husband, Joseph, a physician, succeeded Mrs. Rosenthal as president and served in that post until his death in 1968.	1
Since the start of the decade, lift-ticket sales have grown only 3% a year on average, compared with 16% annual growth rates in the '60s and '70s.	Last season, lift-ticket sales fell for the first time in seven years.	0
Moreover technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they've been "erased" from a computer's memory.	that Oliver North of Iran-Contra notoriety thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later retrieved for congressional committees to read.	0
In the U.S., one-fifth of the office PCs are hooked up to some sort of network.	In Japan, about 1% are linked.	0
Their relationship with Mr. Sugarman soured shortly thereafter.	Last May, he sold his 24% stake in Barris to a passive Australian investor and Barris was renamed Guber Peters Entertainment Co.	1
Once a jury is selected, the consultants often continue to determine what the jurors' attitudes are likely to be and help shape the lawyers' presentation accordingly.	Logic plays a minimal role here.	0
that if he had more cars, he'd sell them right away.	that the company is trying to keep up with demand "by overworking" its employees.	1
investors should consider selling if there has been a fundamental change in a company since they bought its stock.	Say you purchased a stock because of a new product that was in the works.	0
and in their spare time they build townhouses across the road.	On Main Street, Alida Verwoerd and her daughters look after the clothes and fabric shop, then hurry home to fix lunch for the rest of the family.	0
Money manager Robert Ross, head of Duncan Ross Associates Ltd. in Vancouver, British Columbia, says stocks would have to fall 15% to 20% before they are competitive with less risky investment alternatives.	Fredric Russell, a money manager in Tulsa, Okla., says Friday's cave-in "is going to have more of a permanent impact on the psyche of many investors than Wall Street would want to admit.	0
It also reflects the broader pressure on companies in Europe to keep up as the European Community prepares to reduce internal trade barriers by 1992.	the potential for the two groups instead to cooperate.	1
Other favorites of growth-stock analysts and money managers also had a mixed session.	Payco American, a credit collection concern, jumped 1 3/8 to 20 5/8 on volume of 93,000, and Mail Boxes Etc., a private postal services company, advanced 1/2 to 23 1/2 on volume of 64,000.	0
It was down more than 40 points a half-hour before the close, marking a 61.5-point turnaround from its high, reached in the first 15 minutes of trading.	The narrower Financial Times 30-share index fell 29.6 to 1730.7.	0
Imperial Chemical Industries of the U.K. also has one, and is building a plant in Louisiana to produce it.	Japanese chemical companies are at work developing their own substitutes and hoping to conquer new markets, of course.	0
on what reasonable measures that an overwhelming mainstream majority of Americans support.	These include bans on the use of abortion for birth control and sex selection, and the public funding of alternatives for abortion.	0
Also, SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3/8 to 39 1/2.	An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase, the company's heart drug.	1
that arbitragers could force a recapitalization through the written consent process under which holders may oust the board by a majority vote.	The machinists union has suggested it may propose a recapitalization that includes a special dividend for holders and a minority ownership stake for employees.	0
Property-tax relief is likely.	Legislators are talking about temporary rises in sales or gasoline taxes, although Gov. Deukmejian says they should be a last resort.	0
B.A.T Industries fell in early dealings.	the market was nervous ahead of a special B.A.T holders' meeting today.	1
A good Delicious can indeed be delicious.	More than twice as many Red Delicious apples are grown as the Golden variety, America's No. 2 apple.	0
that in the eye cancer, an infant inherited a damaged copy of a gene from one parent and a normal copy from the other.	The tumor developed when the second, normal copy also was damaged.	0
Businessland Inc. said it purchased a major regional computer retailer, Data Systems Computer Centre Inc., Springfield, New Jersey.	Terms weren't disclosed.	0
Permission is far from automatic.	The soviets have the legal right to turn down applications and impose conditions, and they appear to be exercising these powers.	1
In fact, there's only one person involved who's happy, and that's Floyd String, president of Coin Wrap and conceiver of the cement-truck solution.	Not only did his company find $20,000 worth of work, but when the approach was suggested Brooks officials "didn't laugh at me or anything.	1
the settling of strikes in Canada and Mexico will have little effect on supplies of copper until early next year.	the next area of support for copper is in the $1.09 to $1.10 range.	0
They are not interchangeable, since they are motivated to act based on their own circumstances.	It is naivete to equate a government's policies with the will of the people.	1
Recent data have indicated somewhat weaker economic activity.	that "the near-term direction of bond prices is likely to remain upward.	1
First Boston's merchant banking risks mounted last month as highly leveraged Campeau Corp., First Boston's most lucrative client of the decade, was hit by a cash squeeze and the high-risk junk bond market tumbled.	First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it couldn't sell.	1
One of the most prominent features is the requirement that in three years all exchanges have in place a system that records all trades by a source independent of the executing broker.	The New York futures exchanges have been working together to develop a trade recording system much like the one called for in the bill.	0
we really made mistakes.	We must not shirk our responsibility.	0
But many economists were not nearly as jubilant.	The climb in wholesale energy prices is certain to push up retail energy prices in the next few months.	1
Trinova said it will close, move or overhaul 40 of its 170 manufacturing facilities and over the next three years cut 1,500 jobs from its current world-wide payroll of 22,300 employees.	Most of the factory closings and job cutbacks will affect Trinova's Aeroquip operations.	0
The reaction to the UAL debacle "is mindless.	UAL is a small deal as far as the overall market is concerned.	1
In a startling turnabout, Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee are complaining that someone in the executive branch is leaking on them.	David Boren, the Intelligence Committee chairman, is upset that someone leaked a letter to the committee from the Reagan administration suggesting that the U.S. would undertake to warn Panamanian thug Manuel Noriega if it got wind of an impending coup that might result in his assassination.	0
More important, the CD was purchased on the secondary, or resale, market.	Because the CD had an effective yield of 13.4% when it was issued in 1984, and interest rates in general had declined sharply since then, part of the price Dr. Blumenfeld paid was a premium.	1
But now the possibility of "diplomatic movement" (Vietnam's withdrawal, the Baker initiative) has put that plan on hold, with the proviso that if the going got rough, the U.S. would then rearm the opposition.	Why the timidity.	0
Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise, but U.S. delegate Constance Harriman and others thundered that down.	The Greens from the First World wanted a morality play, not a negotiation.	1
London's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index fell 27.9 points to 2135.5.	It was down more than 40 points a half-hour before the close.	0
that the recalls will have no impact on GE's engine production.	The CF6-6 series engines aren't being manufactured any more.	1
In the past, however, Coke has typically taken a minority stake in such ventures.	By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas, Coke has been able to improve bottlers' efficiency and production, and in some cases, marketing.	1
some of the growth reflects higher earnings in the oil sands operation of Suncor, a majority-owned Canadian subsidiary.	the synthetic crude oil production from the facility rose even as the price for that oil increased.	1
If the weather allowed farmers to work in their fields over the weekend, many Midwest grain elevators will probably sell futures contracts today at the Chicago Board of Trade in order to hedge their weekend purchases from farmers.	That selling of futures contracts by elevators is what helps keep downward pressure on crop prices during the harvest.	1
Mr. Bronner seems to believe that the hearings could have gone either way.	I doubt that.	0
It was all over the place.	If you bought, you wish you hadn't, and if you sold, you wish you hadn't.	1
Mr. Lesko figured he would be flooded with entries by now.	After all we've got like 15 million bureaucrats.	1
Besides holding the promise of safer spinal surgery, the probe could improve the diagnosis of brain and nerve disorders such as strokes and multiple sclerosis.	Perhaps most exciting, the device is thrusting open a window to the workings of the brain.	0
it's a pretty positive development.	Mr. Lortie's departure, while sudden, was seen as inevitable in light of the shift in strategy.	1
Thus, farmer Johan Fischer crawls around under his planter, tightening bolts and fixing dents.	On almost every other farm in South Africa, black workers do the repairs.	0
that the shutdown wouldn't be a cause for alarm even if it were to persist for several days.	that they still have the ability to exercise their options, because they are guaranteed by the Options Clearing Corp.	1
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf, and relations have been at a flashpoint for months.	The banks badly want to break into all aspects of the securities business..Meanwhile, the securities companies -- most of them smaller than the banks -- are seeking access only to limited kinds of banking that wouldn't open them to the full brunt of competition from the banks.	1
Old Stone fell 1 5/8 to 13 1/2.	Late Friday, the company reported a loss of $51.3 million for the third quarter after earning $9.2 million a year before.	1
Mr. Bush is plainly uncomfortable with the entire abortion question.	For most of the past nine years, he has striven to convince anti-abortion activists of his stalwart support for their position.	1
that every drug that's marketed to a consumer should have a consumer label.	Searle is "the only company I know that voluntarily" will make consumer information available.	0
Jaguar shares skyrocketed yesterday after Mr. Ridley's announcement.	In late trading, the shares were up a whopping 122 pence ($1.93) -- a 16.3% gain -- to a record 869 pence on very heavy volume of 9.7 million shares.	0
He wants stocks whose price/earnings ratio is less than their growth rate.	as he figures it, H&R Block doesn't even come close.	0
The news hasn't exactly moved others in Mr. McDonough's profession to become architectural Johnny Appleseeds.	All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work but we can't all carry it to that extreme.	1
Short-term rates were unchanged to slightly lower.	The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.52% for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75%, while the rate on six-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.47% for a yield of 7.85%.	0
The fish often are plentiful around the pilings of the old gas wells that dot the flat surface like the remains of sunken ships.	We go from one to the other.	1
some of the growth reflects higher earnings in the oil sands operation of Suncor, a majority-owned Canadian subsidiary.	the synthetic crude oil production from the facility rose even as the price for that oil increased.	1
But I was not acting as a messenger.	that the Chinese never asked him to convey their statements to President Bush, but that the White House spontaneously invited him to do so.	1
But in California There's a Fuji apple cult.	Once somebody eats one, they get hooked.	0
he asked the Working Group on Financial Markets to determine whether futures margins are too low.	that some minimum margin requirements have been reduced to levels below those before the 1987 crash.	1
if its United Nations voting record is an indication.	In U.N. General Assembly votes last year, Canada voted the same as the U.S. only 63% of the time.	0
Yesterday's announcements helped spark a midday wave of program selling in the stock market.	GM's common closed at $44.375 a share, down 50 cents, Ford fell 37.5 cents to end at $47.50, and Chrysler eased 37.5 cents to $22.25, all in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1
In its last fiscal year, Nissan's profit represented just 2.3% of sales, compared with 4.3% at Toyota.	To help close the gap, Nissan recently established a top-level cost-cutting committee.	1
Many openings for mass cheating, such as questionable tax shelters and home offices, have gaped so broadly that Congress has passed stringent laws to close them.	Deductions of charitable gifts of highly valued art now must be accompanied by appraisals.	0
Ohio Casualty dropped 2 1/8 to 49 1/2.	The company posted third-quarter earnings of 95 cents a share, down from $1.26 a year earlier.	0
The dividend cut will prove most costly for John K. Hanson, Winnebago's founder and chairman.	Based on his control of about 45% of Winnebago's 24.7 million shares, his annual dividend income would be cut to about $2.2 million from $4.4 million.	1
The rate among the elderly -- 12% in 1988 -- wasn't significantly lower than the year before.	If it weren't for Social Security payments, more than three times as many elderly would be below the poverty line.	0
The FAA already has ordered that all 232 disks made by the old process be removed from the planes and subjected to an ultrasonic test in a water-submersion chamber.	Such tests make the FAA confident that a Sioux City-type accident "won't happen again.	1
that what happened last week "may not be enough of an adjustment.	There's either more to come or an extremely long period of dullness.	1
At the same time, the strategy requires that he deal effectively with those who seek genuine Western-style political pluralism.	The most important development in Mr. Gorbachev's policy for marginalizing the opposition movement is the claim that the U.S.S.R. also suffers from terrorism.	1
According to veteran watchers of Unificationist affairs, such as Dr. J. Gordon Melton, director of the Institute for the Study of American Religion, almost all operations are being drastically reduced as Mr. Moon now concentrates more on developing his empire in the Far East.	Everything is going back to Korea and Japan.	0
This will "require us to define -- and redefine -- what is `necessary' or `appropriate' care.	This involves trade-offs and {it} cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is `necessary.	0
The battle for customer loyalty is evident along the Cobb Parkway strip.	Ed Voyles Olds recently established a special section in the service department for owners whose cars are less than a year old, so they get quicker service.	0
that his company is now holding some goods in anticipation of being paid in full.	It's become a day-by-day business.	0
A lot of people would like to go back to 1970," before program trading.	I would like to go back to 1970.	0
The quarter net was below analyst expectations mainly because truck-parts sales didn't rebound in September from the summer doldrums as they usually do.	he is reducing his estimate for the year to the area of $5.70 a share, from his previous estimate of $6.10.	1
but he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future.	We're confident that it protects our route structure and our ability to grow and prosper.	0
The price of Columbia shares has been cut nearly in half since August, when they traded at about $10.	The stock's decline accelerated in the past two weeks, from a price of $8 a share on Oct. 9.	0
that Eurocom and WCRS had agreed to provide a development fund of #100 million for acquisitions.	The new agency group is already in discussions about a possible purchase in Spain.	0
they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9%.	That is another small encouragement for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in coming weeks.	1
Such a pace of growth, though respectable for mature industrialized economies, would be unusually slow for Hong Kong.	Only twice since the 1960s has annual gross domestic product growth here fallen below 5% for two or more consecutive years.	1
Overall, 12% of consumers aren't brand loyal for any of the 25 product categories..About 47% are loyal for one to five of the products.	Only 2% are brand loyal in 16 to 20 of the categories.	0
These are long-term Richter readings on American capitalism.	The whole structure is extremely shaky.	0
By contrast, only 32% expect an increase in the price of gold.	Since gold tends to soar when inflation is high, that finding suggests that people believe inflation remains under control.	1
that will show water lines throughout the city.	The system could be used in a fire or earthquake to locate problems, among other things.	1
To argue that this is "not likely" to affect the economy in positive ways is contrary both to recent experience with capital-gains tax cuts and to common sense.	A large part of the long-term appreciation of assets reflects inflation, and the taxation of inflation-created capital gains is confiscation.	1
The company also faces delisting by the National Association of Securities Dealers.	The company continues to trade in the over-the-counter market with an exception to listing requirements.	0
The GOP doubters were in Congress.	In last week's House vote, 41 Republicans defected.	0
In New York Stock Exchange trading, PS of New Hampshire's 17 1/2 debenture due 2004 closed yesterday at $82.50, up $2.	The utility's stock closed at $4 a share, up 37.5 cents, in composite trading on the Big Board.	0
and the "other finance" index, made up of commercial banks and real estate and brokerage firms, rose 3.97 to 545.96.	The index of smaller banks improved 1.97.	0
Japan's steelmakers are raising capital spending 22% this year to $4.8 billion.	Hitachi Zosen Corp., a shipbuilder buried in debt just a few years ago, will build a machinery plant, its first expansion in 14 years.	0
Rand Corp. researchers Linda Waite and Frances Goldscheider analyzed a large sample of married women with at least one child at home between the ages of six and 18.	The women indicated which family member usually did various household chores and the approximate share each did.	0
But the ever-changing laws are usually so complicated and confusing that "you need professionals to help you.	you can't do it yourself.	1
It was dead, listless, depressing and negative.	There was little turnover and nothing to stimulate the market.	1
At Movieline, she wants "specific paragraphing, specific tone, a specific attitude -- bright and bold and tongue-in-cheek.	In restaurants (in this case, the Russian Samovar, a New York restaurant operated by and for Soviet emigres), she didn't want the chirpy, folkish music bouncing through the room.	0
By and large, Mr. Dinkins has finessed the touchy question of whose ox he would gore.	Instead of focusing on the financial future, Mr. Dinkins has sold himself as a unifier for a city recently touched by racial violence and as a soothing antidote to 12 years of commotion generated by Mayor Koch.	0
Where these discoveries will lead, scientists can only speculate.	Already two major pharmaceutical companies, the Squibb unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., are collaborating with gene hunters to turn the anticipated cascade of discoveries into predictive tests and, maybe, new therapies.	0
The three-month-old strike at Nynex seriously hurt the installation of new telephone lines in the quarter.	access lines in service at the end of the quarter were off 18,000 from the previous quarter.	1
All the tie-ins, though, have some marketing experts questioning whether the party may go too far.	There are too many people participating," says Al Ries, of Trout & Ries, a Greenwich, Conn., marketing consulting firm.	0
Ryukichi Imai, Japan's ambassador to Mexico, agrees that Mexico may be too eager.	There seems to be a presumption in some sectors of (Mexico's) government that there is a lot of Japanese money waiting behind the gate, and that by slightly opening the gate, that money will enter Mexico.	0
Stabilizing the derivative markets would tend to stabilize the primary market.	The Fed would eliminate the cause of the potential panic rather than attempting to treat the symptom -- the liquidity of the banks.	1
the restructuring plan calls for the merger of Qintex Australia with Qintex Ltd.	the move will "significantly reduce administrative and operating costs.	1
Meanwhile, shares of some big housing lenders got hit, on the likelihood that the lenders' collateral suffered physical damage and perhaps a loss in value.	Wells Fargo & Co. fell 50 cents to $81.50, and BankAmerica Corp. fell 50 cents to $31.875.	0
But there is no defense at all for the ethos of the 1980s.	We didn't stampede into it, we slithered and slipped down the long slope.	1
Led by Pizza Hut and Taco Bell, restaurant earnings increased about 25% in the third quarter on a 22% sales increase.	Same-store sales for Pizza Hut rose about 13%, while Taco Bell's increased 22%, as the chain continues to benefit from its price-value strategy.	0
However, these figures don't seem to worry Thomas A. Durkin, an economist at the Federal Reserve Board.	In a paper presented at the recent annual meeting of the National Association of Business Economists in San Francisco, Mr. Durkin comments that "installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances, and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences.	0
Operating profit rose 5.5% to 332.38 billion yen from 315.12 billion yen.	Net income jumped 21% to 79.03 billion yen from 65.53 billion yen.	0
Earlier this week, Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze confessed that the U.S.S.R. ignored universal human values by invading Afghanistan and, to put it bluntly, "engaged in a violation of the ABM Treaty" by building its radar station at Krasnoyarsk.	Hungary is no longer a "Socialist Peoples" republic.	0
The program provides highly subsidized loans to any student whose family earns less than a particular amount.	High default rates, a low interest rate, and government coverage of all interest costs while the student is in school make program costs extremely high.	0
Net income includes an extraordinary gain of about $100,000 from the reversal of bad debt and interest income..Revenue was about $4.5 million.	In the 1988 third quarter, the company posted a net loss of $876,706, or 22 cents a share, on revenue of about $5.1 million.	0
when it lowered its tax on imported spirits and levied a tax on many domestic products.	California wineries, benefiting from lowered trade barriers and federal marketing subsidies, are expanding aggressively into Japan, as well as Canada and Great Britain.	1
this is a superior deal to McCaw's.	We're surprised.	1
It's difficult to see that there's going to be enough business to go around.	About eight firms will get the lion's share.	0
that insulate passengers from bumps, potholes and other rigors of the road.	These "active suspension systems" electronically sense road conditions and adjust a car's ride.	0
That would be a blow to both Paribas and Navigation Mixte.	Each had claimed Allianz, Europe's largest insurance company, as a tacit ally.	1
as the administration won final congressional approval of $9 million in assistance for elections scheduled in Nicaragua in February.	The bulk of the money would be funneled through the National Endowment for Democracy, but the legislation is so vaguely written that it has been dogged by questions regarding the money's true purpose and its ultimate destination.	0
Kidder Peabody's Mr. Jarrett also sees some benefits to the stock market's recent drop.	We've run into a market that was beginning to run out of steam and get frothy.	1
About 140 Mayan, Aztec, Mixtec and Zapotec objects, including some of Mexico's best-known archaeological treasures, were taken.	The government offered a reward for the return of the antiquities, but routine police work led to the recovery.	0
The British firm has begun court proceedings in London to prevent the use of the name "Deloitte" by Deloitte, Haskins & Sells and Touche Ross & Co. in England and the rest of the world.	The British Deloitte firm recently withdrew from the merger of Deloitte and Touche world-wide and joined Coopers & Lybrand.	1
the municipal government had budgeted about 11 million yen ($77,500) for the project.	I was flabbergasted.	1
It is close to being a record undersubscription.	Fund managers don't like to have rights issues that don't have an obvious reason.	1
Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting, socially awkward individuals with shirt-pocket liners for their pencils and a preoccupation with computers and matters numerical.	Geeks, by at least one definition, are chicken-mutilating circus freaks.	0
Mr. Juliano thinks so.	One recent Saturday morning he stayed inside the Capitol monitoring tax-and-budget talks instead of flying to San Francisco for a fund-raiser and then to his hometown of Chicago for the 30th reunion of St. Ignatius High School.	1
that after a sharp sales slump in July and August, sales stabilized in September.	Although Wang will report a loss for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 and the full fiscal year, Mr. Miller says he expects the company will return to profitability by the fourth quarter.	1
We believe that there are numerous other candidates more qualified for this important position and we encourage you to give them your thorough consideration before making this key RTC appointment.	The RTC needs the most able, competent management available.	1
Mr. Trump "is stepping back and waiting for the dust to settle.	he still wants AMR.	1
those estimates are based on Fantasy being in operation in 1990.	If the ship fails to arrive, those per-share earnings estimates could be trimmed 15 cents or more.	0
Digital's new line has been a long time coming.	The company has long struggled to deliver a strong mainframe-class product, and made a costly decision in 1988 to halt development of an interim product meant to stem the revenue losses at the high end.	1
that "of the maxims of orthodox finance none, surely, is more antisocial than the fetish of liquidity.	It leads investors to focus on short-term price movements rather than on long-term fundamental valuation.	1
Democracy is forcing the abortion debate toward healthy compromise, toward the unpolarizing middle.	Roe v..Wade pre-empted political debate, so the extremes blossomed.	0
that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid.	Jaguar's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened because fewer than 3% of its shares are owned by employees and management.	0
And statements by the chairman of the IG Metall labor union, Franz Steinkuehler, also cast a cloud over trading.	Mr. Steinkuehler said at a convention in West Berlin that the union has to prepare for "a big fight" to achieve its main goal of a 35-hour workweek, down from current 37-hour workweek.	1
Capital Associates dropped 1 to 5 3/8.	The company reported substantially lower net income for its fiscal first quarter.	1
Instead, it turns on the disputed and elusive facts of "who did what to whom.	It is difficult, if not impossible, for anyone who has not pored over the thousands of pages of court pleadings and transcripts to have a worthwhile opinion on the underlying merits of the controversy.	1
Third, the IMF would like to meet Japan's request for increased ownership (currently 4.5%.	Japan has supported a larger role for the IMF in developing-country debt issues, and is an important financial resource for IMF-guided programs in developing countries.	1
Until recently, a farmer with no heir had to will the state his land to collect his pension.	The pension's size still depends on how much produce he sells the state.	0
Her sister, Cynthia, wishes Toni had a different job.	We worry about her out there.	1
Nevertheless, the administration's criticisms appeared to have made some headway with Sens..Boren and Cohen after their Oct. 12 meeting with the president.	The three men agreed to rewrite the guidelines, without changing the basic assassination ban, to clear up any ambiguities that may have hampered U.S. encouragement of coups against anti-American leaders.	1
You might be interested to know that baseball, not survival, appeared to be the first thought of most of the crowd of 60,000-odd that had gathered at Candlestick at 5:04 p.m. Tuesday, a half-hour before game time, when the quake struck.	As soon as the tremor passed, many people spontaneously arose and cheered, as though it had been a novel kind of pre-game show.	0
Only one thing is certain here: Pysllium is likely to remain solely an export item from Sidhpur for a long time.	Local farmers say it is as good a cash crop as mustard or fenugreek, a legume..But they have no desire to eat a bowl of psyllium each morning, and, perhaps, little need.	1
In addition, global petroleum demand has been climbing.	It is projected to keep growing by a million barrels a day, or up to 2% annually, for years to come.	0
Nissan started advertising Infiniti fully eight months before the cars hit American showrooms.	The ads featured fences, rocks and pussy-willow buds -- almost anything but the cars themselves.	0
their actions were justified by the desire to save the lives of unborn children.	Under a 1981 Missouri law, persons accused of some crimes, including trespassing, may offer a defense that their actions were justified "as an emergency measure to avoid an imminent public or private injury.	1
but they insist that the best trial lawyers have always employed similar tactics.	They may not have been able to articulate it all, but they did it.	0
The offer previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday.	it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday.	0
Mr. Fukuyama might want to consult some American workers on the subject of class and egalitarianism.	From its peak in 1972 of $198.41, the average American weekly wage had fallen to $169.28 in 1987 -- both figures being expressed in 1977 dollars.	1
Tana, which holds properties in 17 oil and gas fields in south Texas, will provide Texaco with mostly gas reserves.	The fields contain recoverable reserves of 435 billion cubic feet of natural gas and four million barrels of oil.	1
Bofors says it can't disclose the names of the middlemen because it would jeopardize industrial confidentiality.	A portion of the report containing names of the middlemen is withheld by officials citing bank secrecy requirements.	0
These errata do not affect business programs.	The bugs will cause problems in "specific and rare circumstances that will not occur in typical applications" such as word-processing and spreadsheets.	1
IL-4 is a hormone which directs the growth and function of white blood cells involved in the body's immune response.	The IL-4 receptor on the surface of such cells receives the hormone's message to rally the body's defense.	0
Although Cummins's stock stumbled last month after the company projected a "substantial" third-period loss, the stock also fell $1.125 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, to $51.75.	It traded as high as $64 a month ago, before the loss projection.	0
Sierra has been instrumental in securing a number of the California bans.	It has been waging an all-out campaign to beat back a proposal, pushed by Utah bike groups, to allow the cycles in federally designated wilderness areas.	0
investment by businesses is falling off.	Of 1,224 companies surveyed, 31% expect to cut spending on plant equipment and machinery, while only 28% plan to spend more.	0
I am a devout Catholic.	I can't support him because of abortion.	1
But the U.S. has one great advantage.	The Soviets are universally loathed throughout Ethiopia for what they did to the country this past decade -- famine and all.	0
During the Nixon administration, the Drug Enforcement Administration became dismayed at the extent of the G-2's connections to arrested drug traffickers.	One DEA agent drew up a list of five options for dealing with Col. Noriega, one of which was assassination.	0
As a model of capitalist efficiency on southern China's doorstep, Hong Kong's prospects look good.	China's land and labor offer inexpensive alternatives to local industry.	1
On Tuesday, Trelleborg's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- minerals processing, and building and distribution -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm's Stock Exchange.	At current market prices, the twin public offerings to be completed next year would add an estimated 2.5 billion Swedish kronor ($386 million) to Trelleborg's coffers, analysts say.	1
The packages must be sorted quickly and distributed to smaller vans for delivery, so couriers can be on the road by 8:35.	No customer is present at the morning package sort, but the process is nevertheless critical to customer satisfaction.	1
Since then, at least two commercial versions have been put on the U.S. market, and an estimated 500 have been sold.	In August, a Chicago conference on such devices attracted more than 100 researchers, who reported studies on everything from brain mapping to physical therapy.	0
The Treasury sold $7.81 billion of three-month bills with an average discount rate of 7.52%, the highest since the average of 7.63% at the auction on Oct. 10.	The $7.81 billion of six-month Treasury bills were sold with an average discount rate of 7.50%, the highest since the average of 7.60% at the Oct. 10 auction.	0
In Panama, the U.S. interests at stake were happily minor; the only people killed were foreigners hapless enough to trust American will.	Americans may not be so lucky the next time.	0
UAL's decision to remain an independent company sent share prices tumbling.	By midmorning, the DJIA had plunged 80 points.	1
that all terms of the offer are negotiable.	that he had spoken with Mr. Laidig by telephone Monday evening.	0
The piano compositions are relentlessly tonal (therefore unthreatening), unvaryingly rhythmic (therefore soporific), and unflaggingly harmonious but unmelodic (therefore both pretty and unconventional.	It is music for people who want to hear something different but don't want to work especially hard at the task.	1
Vista Chemical Co., with three chemical plants in and near Lake Charles, La., "prepares for every hurricane that enters the Gulf of Mexico.	Hurricane Hugo, an Atlantic storm, didn't affect Vista.	0
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters took encouragement from Warner studio executives such as Mr. Semel and Mr. Canton too literally.	According to this theory, Warner executives, hoping to strengthen their relationships with the producers, encouraged Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters in their ambitions to build a major entertainment company.	0
the big deficit reflects the slipping competitive position of British industry.	When the country gets wealthier, we tend to buy high-quality imports.	1
A lot of this is going to be code-related.	Plaintiffs will argue that damaged structures weren't built to proper design standards.	1
Maybe some of our talk-show hosts and anchors have already been taken over.	The point of this 1955 novel, which spawned two movies, is that the soulless pod people replicated by alien plants are virtually indistinguishable from human folks.	1
This portends consequences from what we have already done that will be very destabilizing to social and economic systems.	The problems of the environment are so interrelated, so inextricably entwined with our current way of life and so large that it is unlikely we will be able to address them effectively unless major changes are made in less than 10 years.	0
Flights are "missions." Mr. Smith's managers have, at times, been called "Ho Chi Minh's Guerrillas.	The Bravo Zulu award, the Navy accolade for a "job well done," is bestowed on Federal's workers who surpass the call of duty.	0
Everybody else had brought in the wagons and made their deal.	He would have got a lot more done if he made up his mind faster.	1
they first recommended that First Interstate take a provision that was less than the eventual $350 million third-quarter hit.	When First Interstate balked regulators responded by raising their recommendation to $350 million.	0
for manufacturers alone, the figure is 32%.	14.2% of their spending is designed to improve products or add new ones, 17.5% is to cut costs, 12.5% is for research and development, and the rest is for maintenance and other purposes.	0
Inventories are creeping up.	car inventories are already high, and big auto makers are idling plants.	0
But Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell (D., Maine), a vigorous opponent of the capital-gains tax cut, called the group to meet with him Wednesday night and again yesterday.	Sen. Mitchell urged them to desist.	0
The implied current net asset value of 22.70 {per share} is well below the 30 level that the Street believed.	The upside was in the intangible real estate . . . which is no longer an intangible.	1
that the December meeting, which was announced simultaneously in Moscow, will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the "fanfare" and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers.	By doing it in this manner we can have more time without the press of social activities or mandatory joint appearances, things of that nature for public consumption.	1
Exxon's profit fell 9% in the third quarter, hurt by sagging results at two of its three main businesses.	Phillips and Arco posted declines.	0
My universe has changed..I'm enjoying my life and who I am today.	The aspect of being a mega-lawyer isn't as important.	0
This hasn't been Kellogg Co. 's year.	The oat-bran craze has cost the world's largest cereal maker market share..The company's president quit suddenly..And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $1 billion cereal plant.	1
The company's quarterly dividend had been 10 cents a share since April 30, 1988.	it would incur an aftertax charge of about $3.6 million in its fourth quarter ending Tuesday, in connection with the sale and discontinuance of several lines at a plant.	0
and the importance of human-generated CFCs in reducing it is largely a matter of conjecture.	The ozone layer is constantly in motion and thus very hard to measure.	1
As aftershocks shook the San Francisco Bay area, rescuers searched through rubble for survivors of Tuesday's temblor.	In Oakland, hopes faded for finding any more survivors within the concrete and steel from the collapse of an interstate highway.	0
Judges will write the real bill as suits roll through the courts.	Lawyers will benefit.	1
A law went on the books in January that let him smoke bacon without breeding pigs.	He cashed in.	1
Three International Cash Portfolios funds were among the four top-performing funds in the latest week.	Because the funds' investments are denominated in foreign currencies, their value expressed in dollars goes up when those currencies rise against the dollar.	1
A Security magazine survey places the effect of takeovers and buy-outs among the industry's 10 biggest challenges.	If it causes management to take their eye off the ball, inventory shrinkage is going to be affected.	1
Revenue rose 23% to $100 million from $81.6 million.	Net product sales accounted for $76 million, up from $57.5 million a year earlier.	0
Mr. Koenig will build the corporate-finance and investment-banking business of Gruntal, which has primarily been a retail-based firm.	He was chairman and co-chief executive officer of Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co. until July, when he was named co-chairman of the investment-banking firm along with Howard L. Blum Jr., who then became the sole chief executive.	0
The stories are rubbish.	There is no difference of opinion between (Chairman) Lord King and Sir Colin on any aspect of company policy.	1
Twelve hundred miles away, rangers at a Napa County, Calif., state park are among the many who don't quite share the enthusiasm.	This summer, speeding bikers were blamed for an accident in the Napa County park, in which a horse broke its leg.	1
Dividend-related trading swelled volume in two issues: Security Pacific, which fell 7/8 to 44 1/2 and led the Big Board's most actives list on composite volume of 14.8 million shares, and Nipsco Industries, which lost 3/8 to 17 3/8 on 4.4 million shares.	Both stocks have dividend yields of about 5% and will go ex-dividend Wednesday.	0
While Wall Street's tough times and lower U.S. interest rates continue to undermine the dollar, weakness in the pound and the yen is expected to offset those factors.	By default," the dollar probably will be able to hold up pretty well in coming days.	1
when he was assigned to the civil rights movement back in the 1960s.	He wasn't protecting the Freedom Marchers.	1
But some cosmetics-industry executives wonder whether techniques honed in packaged goods will translate to the cosmetics business.	Estee Lauder Inc., Revlon Inc. and other cosmetics houses traditionally have considered themselves fashion enterprises whose product development is guided by the creative intuition of their executives.	1
Third and most important, Amex would charge me a far higher premium than other reputable companies would on a straight term policy for the same amount.	I'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back that I'd almost have to cancel to make the whole thing worthwhile.	1
the test is widely used in research centers but isn't having a major impact because it is only occasionally useful in choosing the most effective treatment..But the test may prove to be more sensitive in determining whether a tumor has spread or returned following treatment.	We don't know yet how useful it's going to be.	1
Penney decided to extend its involvement with the service for at least five years.	If, by that time, the network reaches 14 million homes, the contract will be renewed for five more years.	0
they were impressed by the performance of the company's newspaper group.	group operating profit for the quarter increased slightly to $34.9 million from $34.5 million on flat revenue.	1
In Tokyo, stocks closed lower but above intraday lows in active trading.	The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29.	1
The current equilibrium is fragile and depends on steady, strong demand and continued relative harmony within OPEC, producer of more than 40% of the non-Communist world's crude.	A recession or new OPEC blowup could put oil markets right back in the soup.	1
I really do not understand how it is that Filipinos feel so passionately involved in this father figure that they want to dispose of and yet they need.	I just don't understand it.	0
And, beginning in 1992, it will have a claim on as much as 20% of Manville's annual net income.	Even so, the trust would seem to be facing a cash crunch.	0
it increased its loan-loss reserves by $93 million after reviewing its loan portfolio.	Before the loan-loss addition it had operating profit of $10 million for the quarter.	0
A lot of this stuff really is in untested waters.	We don't know how this whole market will work in a serious economic downturn.	1
Contrary to some opinions, the trading activities of specialists and other market makers do not provide liquidity to the market as a whole.	What market makers provide is immediacy, a very valuable service.	0
A decline in truck production more than offset a sharp rise in auto assemblies.	Analysts don't expect the September surge in auto production to be repeated in the coming months.	0
THE HOUSE votes down a proposal to put pension plans under the control of joint labor-management boards.	Some consultants had insisted it wouldn't work.	0
Its stock, at 9 5/8, trades at about 8 1/2 times estimated 1989 earnings -- an appropriately low multiple for a company with recession-sensitive customers.	45% of revenues are tied to construction.	0
In August, representatives of Keidanren, Japan's largest business organization, visited Moscow to explore exports and investments that would help the Soviet economy.	Out of the blue, the Soviet Chamber of Commerce handed over details on 59 technologies that the Japanese might want to buy.	0
Still, some analysts insisted that the worst of the inflation is behind.	It increasingly appears that 1987-88 was a temporary inflation blip and not the beginning of a cyclical inflation problem," argued Edward Yardeni, chief economist at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. in New York.	0
It's going to be a tough league.	There will be a lot of malice.	1
A half-dozen candidates, backing policies ranging from Thatcherism to watered-down Marxism, are given a chance of winning.	Whoever says he knows which of the six will win is out of his mind.	1
Under bankruptcy law, Eastern has exclusive rights for a certain period to develop its own reorganization plan.	That deadline has been extended once and could be extended again.	0
that he doesn't want the ability to halt the markets.	that discretionary power could have an impact on the markets if rumors were to circulate about when the exchanges might be closed.	1
Late yesterday afternoon, DDB Needham executives were scrambling to figure out what to do about a new business presentation that had been scheduled for today.	DDB Needham's office building may have sustained structural damage.	1
Including employees of state and local governments, the employment cost index rose 1.6% in the third quarter, compared with a 1.3% rise in the same quarter in 1988.	The index rose 1.1% in the second quarter.	0
The engineering company was acquired in a takeover earlier this year by the giant Reliance textile group.	Although Larsen & Toubro hadn't raised money from the public in 38 years, its new owners frequently raise funds on the local market.	0
Of the scores of companies contacted by this newspaper, few reported any damage that they didn't expect to have remedied within a day or two.	It is possible, of course, that some of the most seriously damaged companies couldn't be reached.	0
either you adapt or die.	If futures aren't permitted here, we'll take it to Australia or Tokyo.	0
Not so fast.	I consider it one of the stupidest ideas of the 20th century.	1
Last Sunday, Ms. Johnson finally got a chance to water her plants, but stopped abruptly.	I realized I couldn't waste this water when there are people in Watsonville who don't have fresh water to drink.	1
At that point investors may face a long, bumpy ride.	A victor in the fight for Jaguar may not emerge until after the expiration late next year of British government takeover restrictions.	1
But other banks balked at the low interest rate and banking fees the UAL group was willing to pay them.	the UAL buy-out group is now willing to pay higher bank fees and interest.	1
We sympathize with Mrs. Thatcher's reluctance to tie her currency to one governed by the domestic political imperatives of West Germany.	Perhaps the shock would have been less if they'd fixed to another low-tax, deregulated, supply-side economy.	0
When it owns stocks, Renaissance's portfolio typically is composed of about 60 large-capitalization issues.	to make buy or sell moves, the firm solicits Wall Street brokerage houses a day or so in advance, looking for the best package price to carry out the trades.	1
Those credits result because of taxes that Farmers, as the management company, has paid, and have "proved to be very important for the exchanges.	that the tax cost to the exchanges under the revised structure would be about $8 million a year, which he described as "peanuts.	0
When the Trinity Repertory Theater named Anne Bogart its artistic director last spring, the nation's theatrical cognoscenti arched a collective eyebrow.	Ms. Bogart, an acclaimed creator of deconstructed dramatic collages that tear into such sacred texts as Rodgers and Hammerstein's "South Pacific," is decidedly downtown.	1
Needless to say, he was talking about RICO.	that the law currently holds too many incentives for abuse by prosecutors.	1
For instance? "I'm a math major, but I want to know about psychobiology.	Hopefully, I'd find someone in psychobiology who wanted to know more about mathematics.	1
Because of the way the government keeps its books, the damage to the Bay Bridge, however costly, won't be counted as a minus.	The money spent on repairs will be counted as a plus.	0
Since world oil prices collapsed in 1982, the government has siphoned Pemex's coffers to make payments on Mexico's $97 billion foreign debt.	Little money has been returned to upgrade Pemex's aging facilities.	0
Today of all days.	The eyes of the world were watching us.	1
Margin requirements for speculators on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange are currently about 7%.	For $10 million, you can move $100 million of stocks.	1
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the First Section, which fell 15.82 points Friday, was down 5.16 points, or 0.19%, at 2676.60.	The Second Section index, which fell 36.87 points Friday, was down 21.44 points, or 0.59%, to close at 3636.06.	0
In 1987, President Reagan sent 73 rescissions back to the Hill, but only 3% of the spending total was approved by Congress.	Senator Coats's proposal would let the proposed spending cuts take place automatically unless Congress acts.	0
That the membership number has even kept close to its 1976 size is the result of the "graying" of the church.	Many of the enthusiastic young "Moonies" of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents, producing new members by procreation rather than conversion.	0
It won't happen again.	Now there are more lines connected to the chairman's office, and the market-monitoring computer has been moved next to his desk.	1
The oat-bran craze has cost the world's largest cereal maker market share.	The company's president quit suddenly.	0
Under that approach, countries with the most unused oil capacity would get bigger shares of any future increases in OPEC's production ceiling than they would under the current system.	If you are already producing at 95% or 100% of your capacity, what's the good to be told you can produce at 105% of capacity.	1
THROUGHOUT THE 1980s, investors have been looking for creative alternatives to traditional modes of financial planning.	Capital has been democratized, and people want in.	1
The electronics industry is closely following the Dellums bill.	Some marketers of surveillance gear -- including Communication Control System Ltd., which owns the Counter Spy Shop and others like it -- already put warning labels in their catalogs informing customers of the one-party law.	0
An Asian bloc isn't intended.	That's not possible.	0
that the bowling alley may be an endangered American institution.	the number of people who said they bowl regularly has fallen to just 8% from 17% in 1981.	1
But Nora and Malcolm feel trapped.	They seem to be having the "worst of both worlds.	1
Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia.	Our company has not been able to cope very effectively with" changes in the marketplace.	1
Remember that it took Mr. Mengistu many months to topple Emperor Haile Selassie in 1974 and 1975.	There is simply no way to engineer a succession covertly.	1
Still, encrypting corporate communications is only a partial remedy.	the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer-maintenance workers, for example, doubling as foreign spies.	1
and for the first time in years, two oil-service companies recently went public.	They are Grace Energy Corp. of Dallas and Marine Drilling Co. of Houston.	0
Futures prices rose slightly in a market filled with rumors that a new international coffee agreement might still be achieved.	The December contract ended with a gain of 1.29 cents a pound at 74.35 cents.	0
Under the law, Gramm-Rudman's across-the-board-cuts in federal programs are supposed to be permanent.	Social Security and spending for poor people are exempted.	0
But the plan now is being "reformulated.	The whole structure has changed.	1
Orders for military goods usually catapult in September as the Pentagon scrambles to spend its money before the new fiscal year begins Oct. 1.	While all the numbers in the durable goods report were adjusted for seasonal fluctuations that the adjustment probably didn't factor out all of the wide-ranging surge in defense orders.	1
His hands sit farther apart on the keyboard..Seventh chords make you feel as though he may break into a (very slow) improvisatory riff..The chords modulate, but there is little filigree even though his fingers begin to wander over more of the keys.	Contrasts predictably accumulate.	0
Agreement, disapproval, boredom and distraction all can be inferred from the subjects' twist of a dial.	In another experiment, an elaborate chart with color codes reveals how people's opinions were shaped -- and how they can be reshaped.	0
I've been struggling against that for years.	Even if baseball triggers losses at CBS I'd rather see the games on our air than on NBC and ABC.	0
Last year a gunner shot a whooper by mistake thinking that it was a snow goose.	He paid an immense fine and was lucky, according to a local wag, to escape the gas chamber.	1
Meanwhile, a federal jury found Mr. Bilzerian guilty on securities fraud and other charges in June.	A month later, Mr. Jefferies was spared a jail term by a federal judge who praised him for helping the government.	0
Mr. Wolf owns 75,000 UAL shares and has options to buy another 250,000 at $83.3125 each.	In the $300-a-share buyout, that totaled about $76.7 million.	1
We tell them all the major companies are having financial difficulties.	Numerous computer companies are having sales slumps and earnings declines, but very few have had losses comparable to Wang's or are carrying such a large debt load.	0
He is under intense fire from other Palestinian groups.	Syria is pushing Ahmad Jibril as an alternative to Arafat.	0
Airline Economics Inc., an aviation consulting firm, is projecting an industrywide operating profit of $2.5 billion for 1989, compared with earlier forecasts of $3 billion to $3.5 billion.	As for 1990, the firm predicts that profit will slip to between $1 billion and $1.5 billion.	0
The U.S. unit dipped to a session low against the mark just after the release of the U.S. consumer price index.	The report showed that September consumer prices rose just 0.2%, a smaller increase than expected.	1
it anticipates reporting earnings of $23 million, or about $1.15 a share, including a charge of about $5.9 million, or 22 cents a share, related to the merger that created Legent out of Duquesne Systems Inc. and Morino Inc. in March 1989.	Revenue for fiscal 1989 is expected to exceed $124 million.	0
Most banks were closed but were expected to reopen today with few problems anticipated.	operations were "steaming along as usual" yesterday afternoon.	0
It's the missing link" in Olivetti's product line between small personal computers and higher-priced minicomputers.	that Olivetti will continue making its LSX minicomputer line.	0
These new products could account for as much as 35% of the company's business in 1990.	We're not afraid of obsoleting some of our old stuff to stay ahead of the competition.	1
In addition, the effective interest rate on the $410 million of total remaining bank debt after the restructuring is 10.66%.	The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $4 million in interest expenses next year, or six cents a share.	1
Twelve hundred miles away, rangers at a Napa County, Calif., state park are among the many who don't quite share the enthusiasm.	This summer, speeding bikers were blamed for an accident in the Napa County park, in which a horse broke its leg.	1
The Khmer Rouge, however, carry an unsurpassed record for Cambodian tyranny.	These utopians caused the deaths of well over one million Cambodians.	1
The single most important contribution the government could make now to help the poor is to get the specter of drugs out of their neighborhoods.	If that takes money, take it away from this discredited federal department.	1
Bally was not an unfriendly takeover.	Buying from willing shareholders makes an unfriendly takeover impossible.	1
General Motors Corp., a Deloitte audit client, for example, has agreed to keep its annual $18 million world-wide audit and associated tax work with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm.	In England, this would mean that the British Deloitte would lose revenue for its audit of GM's Vauxhill unit.	1
making this one of France's largest-ever attempted takeovers.	The cost of buying the additional 48% stake would be 10.95 billion francs ($1.74 billion).	0
but the bitterness of this battle and the accusations flying on both sides make it unlikely that the decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired.	it is willing to settle the matter out of court.	0
The Dow Jones industrials, down over 80 points in the morning, closed off 3.69, at 2659.22.	Bond prices surged in reaction to the sell-off in stocks, then eased slightly during the afternoon recovery.	0
So it should come as no shock that the profession, if that's what it is, has attracted a lot of people whose principal talents seem to be frittering away or flat-out stealing their clients' money.	Alarmed, state and federal authorities are trying to devise ways to certify and regulate planners.	1
SENIOR CITIZENS have long received cheap air fares.	This year, the older someone is the bigger the discount.	0
that a red-faced Shearson must have been wildly bullish on stocks in its original commentary, and that's why it purged its pages.	that Shearson last week had been advising that "the market is still exhibiting all the signs of a further advance.	1
It's a pretty good bet they won't get caught.	The only way to catch an electronic thief is to set him up with erroneous information.	1
Americans didn't dislike metrics; they simply ignored them.	Scientists felt differently.	0
Silicon Graphics' strategy seems to be paying off.	Revenue for its first quarter ended Sept. 30 was $86.4 million, a 95% increase over the year-ago period.	1
Though Lloyd's has talked for years about computerizing underwriting transactions, the effort hasn't gotten very far.	Competition among underwriters and brokers makes them loath to centralize price and policy information.	1
But the Glacier Bay case, the fund's first test, shows how easily the fund can be undermined.	Trinidad Corp. is contesting liability.	1
a school system in the midst of radical reform.	Chicagoans have just elected 540 neophyte school boards, one for each school.	1
because "no cleanup is possible here.	Once {asbestos} is released into the environment, it can lodge anywhere.	1
We've seen cases where salesmen will affect the accent of the region of the country they are calling.	Anything to make a sale.	0
Nomura was attempting to organize the 50 billion-yen ($352 million) borrowing in Japan.	most banks refused even to play administrative roles in the new financing, forcing an embarrassed Nomura to postpone it this week.	0
In a typical leverage strategy, a fund tries to capture the spread between what it costs to borrow and the higher return on the bonds it buys with the borrowed money.	If the market surges, holders can make that much more profit.	1
And some analysts questioned whether Mr. Phillips would have the skills Ogilvy needs to turn the agency around.	its flagship New York office has had a dismal track record recently.	1
To land customers for their well-paying stock custodial business, big banks sometimes will throw in basic indexing services for free.	It's like getting a free toaster when you open an account.	0
TV reporters interviewed fans in the parking lots while, a few feet away, others watched the interviews on their portable TVs.	The only frenzy I saw was commercial.	0
Japan's biggest computer maker last week undercut seven competitors to win a contract to design a mapping system for the city of Hiroshima's waterworks.	Its bid: one yen, or less than a U.S. penny.	0
the price action for all of last week is the best he has seen on a weekly basis in more than a year.	last week's activity in gold could portend a move to $390 an ounce for the December contract.	0
Having exhausted all modern aids to fertility, Linda and Michael decide to adopt.	The actors wear pained expressions to indicate their genuine longing for a little one.	0
Two years later, he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $10,000 loan was "absolutely onerous.	Paul L. Kane, Laurel's president at the time, quickly responded.	0
and now is one of the leading producers of these newer units.	Other makers of video controller equipment also were caught in the EGA-VGA shift but we were able to respond much more quickly.	1
Great Western Financial lost 1 1/8 to 20 1/2 on 1.6 million shares, Golden West Financial dropped 1 1/4 to 28 1/2 and H.F. Ahmanson dipped 5/8 to 21 1/4.	HomeFed plunged 3 5/8 to 38 1/2; its third-quarter earnings were down from a year ago.	0
ERC Corp. rose 7/8 to 12.	The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $82.5 million.	1
the president began to lower the volume.	When the ruling was handed down, the vacationing president dispatched Chief of Staff John Sununu to issue a statement and refused to answer questions himself.	0
For the nine months net income jumped 84% to $26.9 million, or 69 cents a share, from $14.6 million, or 43 cents a share.	Revenue nearly tripled to $479 million, from $160 million.	0
Lower House elections must take place before June.	In the current mood of the Japanese people, journalists and even some industrialists, giving power to the Socialists might be good for the LDP.	0
The Rothschilds hope to use a long history in private banking and an aura of exclusivity to attract private and institutional investors.	As at the Zurich bank, the minimum investment for individuals will be high: about a million German marks ($538,000), three times what many other West German investment banks require.	0
Separately, Dominion Textile posted net income of 4.7 million Canadian dollars ($4 million), or 12 Canadian cents a share, for the fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30..The company had a net loss of C$2.3 million, or 14 Canadian cents a share, a year ago.	Sales were C$348.2 million compared with C$307.2 a year earlier.	0
Officials of Pittsburgh-based H.H. Robertson declined comment.	As reported last month, Mr. Kass said he was interested in making an offer to buy H.H. Robertson for $13 a share.	0
Since Mr. Shevardnadze's proposals followed discussions with Mr. Baker, speculations arose that the Bush administration was seeking an accommodation with the Soviets in Central America.	This scheme would fit the Arias Plan, which declared a false symmetry between Soviet military aid to the Sandinista dictatorship and that provided by Washington to freely elected governments.	1
Stock prices rose.	New York Stock Exchange volume shrank to 166.9 million shares from 224.1 million Tuesday.	0
The former $3 million-a-year lobbyist now frequents shelters for the homeless and devotes a third of his time counseling other recovering alcoholics.	I feel better than I ever have in my life.	1
The delay in getting AZT to children has been blamed on a combination of factors.	Traditionally, the medical establishment has waited two years to approve adult treatments for pediatric uses, because of a combination of conservative safety standards and red tape.	0
The results met estimates of analysts, who had already slashed their projections after the company said in late August that its 1989 earnings could tumble as much as 37%.	A company spokesman said yesterday that Coca-Cola Enterprises sticks by its 1989 forecast.	0
Part of the answer lies in the nature of the industry.	Many larger egg producers are also egg processors, who crack, inspect, and sanitize billions of eggs, turning them into powdered, liquified or frozen egg products.	0
Indeed, the stakes are high.	that the HDTV market will total about $150 billion over the next two decades, with an additional $400 billion expected to go for related products.	0
Richard Arrington, Birmingham's black mayor, lamented the consequences.	In the past, people who had to run for office had to moderate their views because they couldn't afford to offend blacks or whites," he said.	0
Now the Senate's stripped-down bill omits any proposal to deal with the corporate tax.	Proponents of simplification fear that the chances of getting it into the final bill are waning.	1
Now, even more radical changes seem afoot as the grand old maverick of American apples plays the role of Hiroshi Appleseed.	The Fuji is going to be No. 1 to replace the Red Delicious.	0
he was concerned at first that the script would "misrepresent an astute political mind, one that I admired," but that his concerns were allayed.	The producers did a good job of depicting someone "who had done so much, but who was also a manic-depressive.	1
In this niche, makeup colors change seasonally because they are linked to ready-to-wear fashions.	Because brand loyalty is weak and most cosmetics purchases are unplanned, careful training of store sales staffs by cosmetics companies is important.	1
The NAM embraces efforts to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical-practice guidelines.	that such standards will improve treatment while limiting unnecessary tests and medical procedures.	1
But what do we mean, specifically, by "creativity.	No one can say.	0
but "it's not enough to offset the problems at Radio Shack.	Sales at Radio Shack stores open more than a year grew only 2% in the quarter from a year earlier.	1
the impact of the ruling on other cases involving thrift takeovers will depend on the degree of similarity in the facts.	I don't know if this will affect one institution or a hundred.	1
The timing for change was right.	Institutions had become active market players in the early 1970s and sought exchange seats to handle their own trades.	1
Why do people play the lottery when the odds are great against them.	People are shooting for a dream.	1
It's a case of the market being too high to buy and too afraid to sell.	It's better to wait.	1
NASAA, the organization of state securities regulators, is pushing for a model regulatory statute already adopted in eight states.	It requires financial planners to register with states, pass competency tests and reveal to customers any conflicts of interest.	0
It has sent mixed signals about its willingness to take part in the exchange-rate mechanism of the European Monetary System.	At a June EC summit, Mrs. Thatcher appeared to ease her opposition to full EMS membership, saying Britain would join once its inflation rate fell and the EC liberalized capital movements.	0
I think it's to Fox's advantage to be associated with the Paramount-MCA venture.	the Fox shows appearing on nights when Paramount-MCA shows wouldn't be offered could be promoted on the programs produced by Paramount-MCA.	1
On the Chicago Board of Trade, soybeans for November delivery closed at $5.63 a bushel, down half a cent, while the December wheat contract rose three-quarters of a cent to $4.0775 a bushel.	Supporting prices was the announcement late Friday of additional grain sales to the Soviet Union.	0
OPPENHEIMER CAPITAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP increased the quarterly distribution to 40 cents a limited partnership unit from 36.25 cents..The distribution represents available cash flow from the partnership between Aug. 1 and Oct. 31.	It is payable Nov. 30 to units of record Oct. 31.	0
The companies are followed by at least three analysts, and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share.	Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted.	0
The U.S. had been under pressure from several Cocom members, especially France, West Germany and Italy, to ease restrictions on some types of machine tools, which those countries argued were now widely available to East Bloc countries from non-Cocom members.	For several years some European countries have complained that outdated Cocom lists and restrictions served more to hamper their trade than to add to Western security.	1
A toxic-waste-dump fire destroyed part of an interstate highway this summer.	In Monmouth, an important swing area, Republican freeholders now run on a slogan promising to keep the county "clean and green.	1
Phil Harms, a software engineer, was an eager customer.	You build up a lot of tension working at a terminal all day.	1
on the advent of program trading.	Blue chips are now being referred to as poker chips.	1
Jeffrey, Peter and Joseph Jr. are brothers.	William Coors is their uncle.	0
In the midst of a labor shortage, he proposes linking city subsidies to businesses to their record of hiring New York City residents.	With an untrained local labor pool that policy could drive businesses from the city.	0
But since the member countries of the International Monetary Fund agreed to the "Guidelines to Floating" in 1974, such difficulties have been avoided.	I cannot recall any disorder in currency markets since the 1974 guidelines were adopted.	0
Vandenberg and Rayburn were wise enough to leave specific operations to presidents.	modern senators, Mr. Boren notwithstanding, are less modest.	0
Still, caution is advisable.	Michael's break-even volume on Easy Eggs is around 60 million pounds a year -- apparently well above current shipments and a far cry from what the company once suggested was a billion-pound market waiting for such a product.	1
Mr. Gorbachev has for months been publicly urging the U.S. to drop its restrictions on Soviet trade.	He recently told a small group of American businessmen in Moscow that he hoped to sign a general trade agreement with the U.S., possibly at the 1990 summit.	0
that the economic cycle may be out of kilter with the political timetable.	She could end up seeking a fourth term in an economy sick with inflation, high interest rates and a heavy trade deficit.	1
C. Barr Schuler, 49, vice president and chief financial officer, was named senior vice president of corporate development and acquisitions, a new post.	Phillip J. Stuecker, 37, vice president, secretary and treasurer, was named vice president of finance and chief financial officer.	0
Earlier it had been approached again by two other possible suitors.	Yesterday that the two other parties told the company that they don't have any current intention of making a takeover bid.	0
the move is designed to more accurately reflect the value of products and to put steel on more equal footing with other commodities.	that steel prices, adjusted for inflation, increased only 1.7% between 1981 and the fourth quarter of 1988, while the prices of other industrial commodities increased nearly five times as much.	0
They're forgetting we're all Texans.	The Lone Star is on the rise again.	0
when Sen. Kennedy introduced a bill that would require employers to provide a minimum level of health insurance to workers but doesn't contain cost-control measures.	Partly in response, a bipartisan group of senators from the finance and labor committees is drafting a plan to attract broader support.	1
that productivity in finance and services appears to have risen by an average of at least 1.5% a year between 1948 and 1988.	Because finance and services contribute 10% to final business product, missing these productivity improvements depresses the overall growth rate by 0.15% a year.	1
Gary N. Roberts was disciplined following the exchange's investigation of his trading in several commodities pits from July to November 1988.	Mr. Roberts withheld from the market certain orders in cooperation with another trader, David Stein.	0
that the U.S.S.R. ignored universal human values by invading Afghanistan and, to put it bluntly, "engaged in a violation of the ABM Treaty" by building its radar station at Krasnoyarsk..Hungary is no longer a "Socialist Peoples" republic, the Communist Party no longer has automatic delegates in the U.S.S.R.'s Congress of Peoples Deputies and Egon Krenz was not backed unanimously by his fellow party functionaries when he took over as East Germany's new maximum leader.	All of that is just for starters, or so the hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans in the streets seem to hope and are certainly demanding.	0
The White House had enough votes to sustain a veto but chose to avoid a confrontation.	The only permanent losers will be the 200,000 or so workers everyone agrees will be priced out of a job at the $4.25 rate Congress is likely to approve today.	1
Richard Breeden hadn't noticed that his new desk had just four telephone lines and one phone.	It was, after all, only his second full day as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.	1
We know how to get from capitalism to socialism.	We don't know how to get from socialism to capitalism.	0
And CenTrust has other problems.	Late last week federal regulators ordered the thrift institution to stop paying dividends on its preferred stock.	0
Suddenly, I am not a comfortable man for Solidarity.	I have accomplished too much.	1
To transfer information from one to the other, employees make printouts and enter the data manually.	To transmit charts to branch offices, they use a fax machine.	0
Few small neighborhood businesses, however, can afford such protection, even in collaboration with other local merchants.	In the neighborhoods with the highest crime rates, small business generally relies on the public police force for protection.	1
It also raised hackles of the city's tourism boosters.	Other cities are calling {groups booked here for tours and conferences} and -- not to be crass -- stealing our booking list.	1
We've gotten through two stock market crashes, and we've gone through an election without any major problems.	I think you have to give Greenspan a good rating.	1
and Mr. Belli's courtyard was strewn with bricks.	Wednesday, Mr. Belli's staff wasn't permitted into his office by city officials worried about their safety.	0
Two years ago, there was a lot of redemption activity and trouble with people getting through on the phone.	This time, "We don't have that at all.	0
that the rail system was running a full fleet of 45 trains during the day to provide an alternative for highway travelers.	The highway system is screwed up" by the earthquake.	1
There's unbelievable pressure on economists to forecast these numbers.	You make a forecast.	1
Your Sept. 26 "Politics & Policy" article about William Bennett's Emergency Drug Plan for Washington gives the impression that the FBI has not been nor is actively involved.	This is not the case.	0
Mutual fund groups haven't lost control of much of the outgoing money.	that investors have transferred most of it into their money market accounts, and to a lesser extent, government-bond funds.	1
We are reaching the moment of truth" on Wall Street.	Wall Street} is beginning to realize -- as Shakespeare said -- the trouble is not in our stars, but in ourselves.	1
We like to make our own judgments" about Mr. Morishita.	People have a different reputation country by country.	0
His commanding officer at the Chiriqui Province garrison, Major Omar Torrijos, gave him an intriguing assignment.	Mr. Noriega would organize the province's first intelligence service.	0
In recent years, growth has come in the foreign markets.	U.S. brandy exports more than doubled last year to 360,000 proof gallons, a standard industry measure, according to Jobson Beverage Alcohol Group, an industry association.	0
For a brief time, the buy-out effort seemed to solve his problems with United's pilot union.	In return for an ownership stake in the company, the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included a no-strike clause and significant wage concessions and productivity gains the union previously resisted.	1
It's not a blanket commitment, it's a case-by-case situation.	There's a question whether brokers at the time were fully aware" of the risks.	1
For instance, he hasn't stated a clear position on high-risk, high-yield junk bonds, an area of growing concern as turmoil in the junk market spills over into stocks.	He may be waiting to see the results of several pending SEC studies of junk market liquidity and disclosure rules.	1
that people will simply ignore new models that lack a well-defined image.	The winners will be brands from car makers that have traditionally been associated with quality and value.	0
The two companies, like Fox, already have their own TV stations.	MCA owns WWOR in New York and Paramount last month agreed to purchase a 79% stake in the TVX Broadcast Group from Salomon Inc. in a deal valued at $140 million.	0
it is the art of the possible in a world where constraints force us to choose between unpleasant or imperfect alternatives.	If we want meaningful priorities, we must understand the trade-offs they imply before we make commitments.	1
He's written this book, `The Art of the Deal.	Why doesn't he just follow through on one of these things.	1
But there is a risk.	Since most mortgages can be prepaid or refinanced at any time, issuers of mortgage securities retain the right to buy back their bonds before maturity.	0
For financial analysts, reading Omni's accounts is a tough challenge.	Companies move in and out.	1
Offsetting the lower stake in Lyondell were higher crude oil prices, increased natural gas volumes and higher coke prices.	Coal earnings rose to $26 million from $21 million.	0
The campaign takes advantage of the eye-catching photography that National Geographic is known for.	In one ad, a photo of the interior of the Sainte-Chapelle in Paris is paired with the headline, "The only book more respected than ours doesn't accept advertising.	0
This deal is like a Roach Motel.	They check in, but they can't check out.	1
Just clobbered.	The quarter was terrible, and the future looks anything but encouraging.	0
They don't flinch at writing them.	That's my job -- get {policyholders} what they're entitled to.	1
But yesterday, the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Messrs..Jacobson and Bates but four other Jacobson partners.	About 30 floor traders crammed near the UAL post most of the day.	1
The report takes a more alarmed view of AIDS.	It warns that the AIDS epidemic "may reduce the rate of growth of the work force, curb productivity gains and slow economic growth.	0
Because it operates on a fiscal year, Bear Stearns's yearly filings are available much earlier than those of other firms.	The latest period includes 14 months instead of 12 because Bear Stearns changed to a fiscal year ending in June instead of April.	0
In Brooklyn and the Bronx, one out of four commercial firms is burglarized each year.	Industrial neighborhoods fare even worse, with burglary rates twice the citywide average.	0
Similarly, a Purdue University team led by heart researcher W.A. Tacker hopes to develop ways to magnetically induce cardiac muscle contractions.	The devices might someday serve as temporary pacemakers or restarters for stopped hearts.	0
The Maxwell deal is Quebecor's second big printing acquisition in just over a year.	Last October, Quebecor bought 23 Canadian printing plants from BCE Inc., a Montreal telecommunications, manufacturing, energy and real estate company.	1
You twist people's trust.	You built your career on prejudice and hate.	0
Last year's figure was down from 13.4% in 1987 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate.	Per capita income rose 1.7% to $13,120, but median family income fell 0.2%.	0
This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan, after years of making lackluster cars and lousy profits, has loosened up its rigid ways and now is riding a string of hits, ranging from the sleek Maxima sedan and Porsche-like 300ZX to the whimsically nostalgic Pao, a minicar sold only in Japan.	The company's turnaround is far from complete.	0
A major Tokyo newspaper reported that a Japanese department store concern is planning to offer about $1.3 billion to buy Bloomingdale's.	Campeau Corp., the chain's owner, declined to comment on the report.	0
But Mr. Powers has purchased asset-backed issues for individuals with tax-deferred accounts, such as retirement plans.	that institutions buying asset-backed issues in large quantities can earn higher spreads over Treasurys than individuals buying smaller amounts.	1
It's like panning for gold outside of Grand Central Station.	You might find something, but the chances are low.	0
Higher-income people also tend to be more brand loyal these days.	that more affluent people tend to lead more pressured lives and don't have time to research the products they buy for the highest quality and most reasonable price.	1
the magazine just hasn't kept up with the times.	it hasn't been able to shake its reputation as a magazine boys like to flip through in search of topless tribe women.	0
They still bear the memory of October 1987, when they bought gold after the stock market crashed and ended up losing money because gold prices subsequently fell.	It's an experience they don't want to repeat.	0
Since then, the government has left observers wondering if it ever meant to join.	Sir Alan assailed the monetary arrangement as "half-baked" in an article being published in an American economics journal.	1
There are few mementos of his days as White House deputy chief of staff and confidant of Ronald and Nancy Reagan.	The former $3 million-a-year lobbyist now frequents shelters for the homeless and devotes a third of his time counseling other recovering alcoholics.	0
October is a critical month for the privatization program.	Manila is offering several major assets for the first time and is trying to conclude sales already arranged.	1
A few months later, Mr. Bush became Ronald Reagan's running mate.	Suddenly, George Bush the pro-choice advocate became George Bush the anti-abortionist.	0
New York Stock Exchange volume was a heavy 224,070,000 shares.	Decliners on the Big Board outnumbered advancers, 931 to 658.	0
Ironically, Tele-Communications and Time have often worked closely in the cable business.	Together, they control nearly 40% of Turner Broadcasting Systems Inc.	0
Not everyone has jumped on the Breeden bandwagon, however.	Some in Washington contend that it's too soon to tell whether Mr. Breeden will help or hinder the SEC.	1
For many, it began to look like a replay of Oct. 13.	As stocks and stock-index futures fell, a trading limit was hit in the S&P 500 stock futures pit.	1
But foreign exploration and production earnings fell sharply, to $12 million from $95 million.	Higher oil prices weren't enough to offset a roughly $20 million charge related to a 10% reduction in Amoco's Canadian work force as well as increased exploration expenses.	1
During the next decade Nissan plans to boost overseas vehicle production sufficiently to account for a majority of sales outside Japan.	Last year Nissan exported slightly over one million vehicles, and produced 570,000 cars and trucks at its factories in North America, Europe and Australia.	0
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products, including Tide and Mr. Clean, in Canada, but doesn't plan to bring them to the U.S.	Marketers believe most Americans won't make the convenience trade-off.	1
But economic arguments, however solid, won't necessarily impress Hong Kong's 5.7 million people.	Many are refugees, having fled China's unending cycles of political repression and poverty since the Communist Party took power in 1949.	1
The number had a troubling effect on Wall Street.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled more than 60 points after the report's release, before recovering to close 18.65 points lower at 2638.73.	0
Players ran out on the field way below, and the stands began to reverberate.	It must be a local custom stamping feet to welcome the team.	1
this time adding insult to injury.	The second time they left the shovel.	1
When the balloon is cruising along at a steady altitude there is little sense of motion.	Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel, well, airborne in a picnic basket.	0
I wanted to be in business.	On the way to that goal, she received her first U.S. paycheck for proofreading a book of Polish poetry, attended secretarial school, then went to work for a fund-raising organization.	1
The once-staid steel industry is about to be turned topsy-turvy by a 1990s technology revolution.	New, efficient and sophisticated processes make it easier for smaller, less cash-rich companies to make steel at a fraction of what Big Steel paid decades ago.	1
Mr. Achenbaum, too, delves into his clients' business.	Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size.	0
But there were enough promoters announcing the end of history for society to continue shielding its eyes.	Mainstream economists and commentators, craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing, swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs, claimed the end result would be a leaner, meaner corporate America, with soaring productivity and profits and the weaker gone to the wall.	0
Warned he was to be jailed again, he fled to the countryside.	His family was given three hours to leave before the house and contents were confiscated.	0
Dean Witter lost a separate case involving a former bond executive earlier this year.	in August it paid $666,666 in back pay and a bonus to a former corporate-bond trading chief, Harold Bachman.	1
One step is to beef up its fleet.	In addition to aircraft from Boeing Co., Cathay announced earlier this year an order for as many as 20 Airbus A330-300s.	0
By afternoon, the broader market joined the advance in full strength.	Standard & Poor's 500-stock Index rose 5.37 to 347.13 and the Nasdaq composite index jumped 7.52 to 470.80.	0
A charge of $80 million related to projected environmental costs in its refining and marketing operations further depressed results.	Amoco completed an environmental analysis last quarter but that no single clean-up project was responsible.	1
According to military officers at the time, word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting.	On Monday, U.S. officials received a routine, unclassified message from the military group commander in Panama.	0
It is capable of reaching the entire Caribbean area and deep into North America.	Perhaps its loud signal may generate some awareness of the Soviet condominium being created in the isthmus thanks to U.S. default.	1
You have to watch out for counterbids.	International Paper or Weyerhaeuser could step in.	0
Now, some see Mr. Bush trapped in a position he is neither comfortable with nor able to escape.	Ken Ruberg, head of the Republican Mainstream Committee, a group of party moderates, observes: "The administration finds itself in an ideological cul de sac that it will find it difficult -- if not impossible -- to get itself out of.	0
In fact, however, Mr. Reagan's casual debasement of the office he so recently held raises issues about which Americans can actually do something.	Our ability to influence the outcome of events in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union is far more marginal.	0
Profit-taking accounted for much of the slide in OTC stock prices, according to David Mills, senior vice president of Boston Company Advisers.	many portfolio managers, whose year-end bonuses are tied to annual performance, are selling now rather than risk seeing their gains erode further.	1
It had profit of $48.6 million, or $2.46 a share, in the 1988 period.	Valley National had been paying a quarterly dividend of 36 cents a share.	1
But there were hitches, not the least of which was that he proceeded almost blindly in doing the $95 million acquisition.	We weren't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons.	0
a whirring ferris wheellike excavator, with buckets instead of seats, chews through layers of compacted sand.	tracks and conveyor belts, shuttling sand to the screening plants, criss-cross the beach.	0
the original offer was "a pretty full price.	with paying $750 million.	0
the European Community's current attempt to bar imports of beef from hormone-treated U.S. cattle.	The U.S. contends that the rules aren't justified on health grounds.	0
It makes people think, maybe this guy isn't so squeaky clean after all.	The result may turn out to be a lot closer than people think.	1
AMR had also sought to foil Mr. Trump in Congress by lobbying for legislation that would have bolstered the authority of the Transportation Department to reject airline buy-outs.	Yesterday, Mr. Trump tried to put the blame for the collapse of the UAL deal on Congress, saying it was rushing through a bill to protect AMR executives.	0
British Airways rose initially after announcing its withdrawal from the UAL deal.	they viewed the initial #390-million ($622 million) outlay for a 15% stake in the airline as a bit much.	1
To judge from novels that mirror the contemporary scene, we're back in the age of anxiety.	Where '60s dropouts professed to scorn middle-class life and ambitious yuppies hoped to leave it far behind as they scaled the upper reaches of success, it now seems that so many people feel they're slipping between the cracks, that middle-class life is viewed with nostalgia or outright longing.	1
The clash is a sign of a new toughness and divisiveness in Japan's once-cozy financial circles.	Not only are Japan's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work.	0
Over the last few weeks, he has frittered away roughly half of what was once a 33-point lead in the polls over Mr. Giuliani.	A story about how he mishandled the sale to his son of his stock in a media company controlled by his political patron Percy Sutton was allowed to fester a full week before Mr. Dinkins faced the media.	0
THE R.H. MACY & CO. department-store chain isn't for sale.	In yesterday's edition, it was incorrectly included with a list of New York chains up for sale.	0
Does the Delta deserve government help in attracting industry when the majority of residents, black and white, do not realize racism alienates potential employers.	Should we focus on the region's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers and the school boards, mayors and legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways (abstinence or contraceptives) of decreasing teen pregnancy.	0
A former Oklahoma governor, he's a thoughtful defender of presidential powers in foreign policy.	He's a rare Democratic hawk.	0
Under the proposal, a President would have a chance twice each year to return a package of "rescissions" to the Hill -- once when he proposes his budget and again after Congress disposes.	Congress would have 20 days to reject the package with a 50% majority.	0
Mr. Evans told the board he needed the weekend to think about it.	Mr. Evans couldn't be reached yesterday for comment.	0
I'm buying fabric right now for clothes which I may not be paid for until April or May.	What happens to me if Campeau collapses between now and then.	1
Not everyone has jumped on the Breeden bandwagon, however.	Some in Washington contend that it's too soon to tell whether Mr. Breeden will help or hinder the SEC.	1
Big Board short interest fell 4.2% for the month ended Oct. 13, the second decline in a row.	Borrowed shares on the Amex rose to another record.	0
There were many indications that the new work hours implemented by major corporations played a big role.	The Golden Gate handled as many cars as normally yesterday, but over four hours rather than the usual two-hour crush.	1
We've got a lot to do.	We've got to move quickly.	1
Sales of capital goods to foreign and domestic destinations increased 16.6% in the January-June period from a year earlier.	Sales of consumer goods rose 6.9% in the same period, while sales of intermediate goods were up 13.8% from a year ago.	0
Col. North conveyed the request to his superiors and to Assistant Secretary of State Elliot Abrams, who relayed it to Secretary of State George Shultz.	Mr. Noriega's proposal was turned down.	0
In June, the Chicago Board of Trade said it suspended Capcom Financial.	The Capcom Futures unit withdrew from Board of Trade membership voluntarily in August.	0
IRS Notice 89108 has details.	Notice 89-107 offers added relief for hurricane-hit concerns that must file pension and benefit-plan returns.	0
After that, the layout had been easy.	I've always relied heavily on the grid and found it never to fail.	1
Beyond that, many big oil, chemical and airline companies are siphoning off big chunks of the market by insuring themselves through "captive" offshore companies for industry-specific coverage.	Even Lloyd's specialty -- unusually risky ventures -- is being challenged.	0
While the stock market was falling, most {junk bond holders} were just watching it not knowing what to do.	It was like driving down the highway watching a wreck.	0
The company didn't put out a public announcement.	A spokesman said later that Mr. Olson was being "conservative" in his estimate.	0
But it is unfair to dump on teachers, as distinct from the educational establishment.	and, on the whole, they are seriously committed to conscientious teaching.	1
In late New York trading yesterday, the dollar was quoted at 1.8340 marks, up from 1.8300 marks late Friday, and at 141.90 yen, up from 141.65 yen late Friday.	Sterling was quoted at $1.5820, up from $1.5795 late Friday.	0
since the company's gilded brand image would give Ford a badly needed leg up in the high end of the luxury markets in both Europe and the U.S.	Last week, Ford encountered a setback in its effort to broaden its U.S. luxury offerings when it was forced to abandon a four-year-old effort to market its German-built Scorpio sedan in the U.S. as a luxury import under the Merkur brand name.	1
My name is judge," Judge O'Kicki told a car salesman in Ebensburg when he bought a new red Pontiac Sunbird in October 1984, according to the grand-jury report.	The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name "Judge O'Kicki.	1
This will "require us to define -- and redefine -- what is `necessary' or `appropriate' care.	This involves trade-offs and {it} cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is `necessary.	0
But the current Soviet purchasing spree may be a one-time affair.	The goal of most U.S. firms -- joint ventures -- remains elusive.	1
Only now is it undergoing a badly needed facelift.	Its parking lot is inconvenient, the MGM lion's-head logo still appears in places, and customers still call it the Grand, rather than the Bally Grand.	1
You hate to do it because he's your father.	conservatives' unhappiness with Mr. Bush's cautious handling of the recent unsuccessful coup in Panama will make them more willing to speak out.	0
There is no question that Vermont-Slauson had a halo effect on the surrounding neighborhood.	What had been a deteriorated area with nothing but wig shops and shoe shops is now experiencing a major upgrading in the housing and commercial stock, thanks to a continuously replenished source of revitalization capital that Vermont-Slauson yields.	1
An inquiry into his handling of Lincoln S&L inevitably will drag in Sen. Cranston and the four others, Sens..Dennis DeConcini (D., Ariz.), John McCain (R., Ariz.), John Glenn (D., Ohio) and Donald Riegle (D., Mich.	They all attended a meeting in April 1987 questioning why a federal audit of Lincoln S&L had dragged on for two years.	1
Geraldo or Phil would probably pull up another camera and interview the chained protesters.	Let us look for a moment at another type of non-violent civil disobedience that only harms other people indirectly, yet does irreparable damage to the nation as a whole.	0
Her sister-in-law (Amy Wright) is a sniveling prude afraid that Kate will seduce all the married men in town, including a particularly loathsome fellow named Tucker, whose idea of fun is to leave his wife at home tending to her bruises and cigarette burns, while he bullies Kate into a dance that consists of drooling on her while trying to break her ribs.	At the very least, it would appear that Sis is a poor judge of masculine charm.	1
You have to have clear feelings about someone before you can make jokes.	With Krenz, we just don't know what to expect.	0
Collagen dropped 2 5/8 to 15 5/8 on 428,000 shares.	In its fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30, the biomedical-products maker earned 10 cents a share, up from eight cents a share in the 1988 quarter, which included an extraordinary credit.	0
Typically, manufacturers are paid 10 days after the month in which they ship.	If goods are shipped to Bloomingdale's between Oct. 1 and Oct. 20, manufacturers expect to be paid by Nov. 10.	0
Northrop's interest expense also soared to $35 million from $17 million a year ago.	debt remained at the $1.22 billion that has prevailed since early 1989, although that compared with $911 million at Sept. 30, 1988.	1
Federal credit programs date back to the New Deal, and were meant to break even financially.	Since the 1950s, federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume, subsidy rates, and policy applications, spurred on by the growth of government in general and budget gimmicks and deceptive management in particular.	0
According to Mr. Nixon's office, "This is solely a fact-finding trip There will be no sightseeing, no shopping and no social events.	the former president "expects to have one-on-one discussions with the major Chinese leaders.	0
It is a peaceful time in this part of western India.	The summer crop is harvested, winter sowing has yet to begin.	1
Instead of selling bonds to meet redemptions, however, some funds have borrowed from banks to meet withdrawal requests.	This avoids knocking down prices further.	1
Merkur isn't the only European luxury brand having problems in the U.S.	The Japanese assault on the luxury market is rapidly overshadowing such European makes as Audi and Saab, which at least have clear brand images.	0
THE BIG BOARD PLANS to launch its own vehicle for program trading today amid growing controversy over the practice.	The new "baskets" of stocks will allow big investors to buy or sell all 500 S&P index stocks in a single trade.	1
The Soviets cut a deal with Iran: a future Iranian role in Afghanistan in exchange for Iranian support of Soviet policy.	The deal was symbolized by the restoration of the Shi'ite Sultan Ali Keshtmand to the Afghan prime ministry.	0
Sluggish sales of the Beretta and Corsica spurred GM to offer $800 rebates on those cars.	The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet, but sales of the cars are off 9.6% for the year, and fell a steep 34.2% early this month.	1
the regional trends would continue through Christmas.	The big mo is as much of a factor in retailing as in politics.	1
In announcing the results, USAir cited many of the same problems that several other industry officials have named recently.	the industry's domestic traffic was flat in the third quarter.	0
Gen. Scowcroft was a member of the Tower Commission, which investigated the Iran-Contra affair.	He was all too aware of how a large, inadequately supervised NSC staff had spun out of control and nearly wrecked President Reagan's second term.	1
He's done this thing where he'll buy a little bit of a company and then trade out of it.	He's written this book, `The Art of the Deal.	0
Investors were buying yesterday, but they were running scared to premier blue chips such as Procter & Gamble.	Investors "are buying stocks that have predictable earnings.	0
It is extraordinary that the British Treasury thought it could prevent a trade deficit by inflating the pound.	The British balance-of-payments statistics show that after the top tax rate was cut to 40%, the flow abroad of British capital slowed, to 50 billion pounds ($79 billion at the current rate) in 1988 from 93 billion pounds in 1986..This change in the British capital account required an offsetting change in the trade account, a change that could not be prevented by pegging the currency.	1
that investors compare price/earnings ratios (the price of a share of stock divided by a company's per-share earnings for a 12-month period) with projected growth rates.	If you think earnings will grow at 20% a year, it's all right to pay 20 times earnings.	1
Dealers say the budding trade in Mr. Jackson's canceled checks is unusual.	I don't know of any living ballplayer that's ever done it.	0
Mr. Gorbachev's moves to break up the government's foreign trade monopoly have created uncertainties as well as opportunities.	Changing legislation has opened the field to thousands of inexperienced Soviet players, many who promise more than they can deliver.	1
The SEC has only about 200 staffers assigned to keep tabs on investment advisers -- about the same as in 1980 -- even though the number of advisers has tripled to about 15,000 over the past decade.	Currently, a registered investment adviser can expect an SEC audit only once every 12 years.	1
According to John Maxwell, an analyst at Wheat First Securities, Richmond, Va., Benson & Hedges has slipped from 4.7% of the cigarette market in 1985 to just 4.1% after the second quarter of this year.	The brand is No. 7 overall in the cigarette business.	1
More recently, some former Quebecor executives started their own printing company, specializing in printing and distributing advertising circulars.	Quebecor still lags in the Quebec circulars market, while Mr. Peladeau's former employees are expanding across Canada.	1
He succeeds Alvin A. McCall in the position.	Mr. McCall will remain chairman.	0
Its advantage has been the peppy little Pride, sold as the Ford Festiva in the U.S.	At 3.8 million won, or $5,700, the econobox is the lowest-priced car in South Korea.	1
Of the self-starting vacuum cleaner, he says: "Could be Cuddles, {Mrs..Stinnett's dog}.	The flying telephone: "You tangle the base cord around a chair leg, and the receiver does seem to fly off.	0
Developing an executive-model range would mark a major departure for Britain's leading luxury-car maker.	A typical British executive car is mass produced and smaller than a luxury car.	1
The issue has assumed some of the character of past civil-rights debates and reopens old regional divisions in the Democratic majority.	As much as Republicans led the opposition, among the 53 Democrats voting against treating the payments as an entitlement, 42 came from the 13 states in the Old Dixiecrat South and its borders.	0
Now Pinkerton's could become entangled in a protracted legal fracas with its former parent.	The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands, seeking at least $40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich, Conn.-based company.	1
Mr. Parker spins it into a pretty satisfying tale involving Poodle Springs high life, Hollywood low life and various folk who hang their hats in both worlds.	The supporting lineup is solid, the patter is amusing and there's even a cameo by Bernie Ohls, the "good cop" of previous Chandler books who still doesn't hesitate to have Marlowe jailed when it suits his purposes.	0
We've been opposed to" index arbitrage "for a long time.	Index arbitrage doesn't work, and it scares natural buyers" of stock.	1
but she declined to comment on whether any actual bids had been made.	Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Japan's leading economic newspaper, reported Wednesday that Tokyu Department Store Co. is planning to team up with U.S. and Western European financing to buy the New York-based retail chain, which Campeau has put up for sale.	0
But don't expect too much in the way of price breaks soon at the supermarket.	Economists expect consumer food prices to jump 5.5% this year to the highest level since 1980 and up from last year's 4.1% rise.	0
I was very frustrated.	The fact of the matter is, I am a marketer.	1
hackers have gone after SPAN before.	the Chaos Computer Club, of West Germany, once managed to invade SPAN and do such things as change the value of pi, messing up some calculations.	0
Everybody appreciates that it is a national disaster and that we've got to address it.	I would hope very much that we wouldn't end up in a kind of situation where you have a bidding war and then a veto threat.	1
Meanwhile, for the second straight day, the bond market paid little attention to the Federal Reserve's open market operations.	Fed officials injected more cash into the banking system by arranging $1.5 billion of repurchase agreements during the usual pre-noon intervention period.	0
Failures in seven of nine regional areas fell more than 10% in the nine months.	The South Atlantic States were the only region to report an increase in bankruptcies, up 5.3% to 5,791 from 5,502.	0
that prices inevitably will go lower now that they've fallen below $20 a barrel.	Our technician is a little bearish now that we've taken out $20.	1
Results included a $37 million gain from the sale of rights from Chevron's investment in Amax Inc., and a loss of $30 million from the sale of California oil and gas properties.	Revenue rose 11%, to $8 billion from $7.2 billion.	0
On the other hand, a decision to increase the IMF's capital would reinforce the central economic role of multilateral institutions in developing countries.	With the increase, even more developing-country energy and talent would be diverted from creating profitable economic systems to setting up economic planning ministries that generate IMF-approved economic plans.	1
Defense contractors "cannot continue to get contracts on that basis.	The pain is too great.	1
being invited to Panama by Mr. Noriega's brother Luis Carlos for a weekend of deep sea fishing and "quiet, serious conversation" on the Aswara Peninsula.	Mr. Windsor notified Everett E. Briggs, the U.S. ambassador to Panama, of the invitation.	1
As such, the soluble fiber has an almost fanatic following in northern India.	I can assure you from personal experience, it works.	0
and so "keyboard allergy," especially among older workers, remains a common affliction.	I have no experience before with such sophisticated machinery," says Matsuo Toshimitsu, a 66-year-old executive vice president of Japan Air Lines.	0
And consumers "should be comfortable.	I don't see anything on the horizon that could lead to a precipitous rise in the price.	1
Going to the well of the chamber, Mr. Panetta demanded the costs be fully counted.	His prominent role put him in the awkward position of challenging the very committee members on whom his state will be most dependent in the months ahead.	0
Such dignity "has to do crucially with a butler's ability not to abandon the professional being he inhabits.	He "will not be shaken out by external events, however surprising, alarming or vexing.	1
The larger parallel after the earthquake centered south of San Francisco is surely with the state of the U.S. economy.	Did the stock-market tremors of Friday, Oct. 13, presage larger fragility, far greater upheavals.	0
that the government may have difficulty selling the institution even without a floor price.	The bank has a negative net worth.	1
With support from the IRS, Manufacturers Hanover has filed suit asking Judge Abramson to subordinate Minpeco's claim to those of Manufacturer Hanover and the IRS.	Minpeco has threatened a "volcano" of litigation if the Manufacturers Hanover Corp. unit attempts to force such a plan through the court.	0
The selling by money managers and individual investors is turning traders bearish as well.	We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them, rather than waiting until the last minute, because things have been so volatile," said William Sulya, head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis.	0
Though the bank isn't performing as well as some of its competitors in the lucrative California market, its condition has improved since Mr. Decker took over.	For the six months ended June 30, it earned $3.1 million, or 61 cents a share, compared with net income of $2.4 million, or 41 cents a share, a year earlier.	0
Heidi Ehman might have stepped from a recruiting poster for young Republicans.	White, 24 years old, a singer in her church choir, she symbolizes a generation that gave its heart and its vote to Ronald Reagan.	1
some companies take steps to ease the usual 11th-hour crush.	Spiegel promises a "Guaranteed Christmas," with a pledge to deliver goods before Christmas if ordered by Dec. 20.	0
They accounted for a hefty 16% of New York Stock Exchange volume Monday, the fourth busiest session ever.	On Friday, 13% of volume was in computer-guided program trades.	0
LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5/8 to 112 5/8.	LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications.	1
Concerned for her state of mind, I dropped them -- and the market instantly began its steady climb back to health.	Perhaps most dramatic was the performance of the metropolitan New York real-estate market, which was booming until I entered it in late 1988, at which time it posted the first negative compound annual growth rate in years.	0
Investors rushed to buy bonds during the summer as prices soared on speculation that interest rates would continue to fall..But when it became clear that rates had stabilized and that the Fed's credit-easing policy was on hold, bond yields jumped and prices tumbled.	Long-term bonds have performed erratically this year.	0
Ohio Democrat Howard Metzenbaum refused to support any plan that might get people hurt, a charming notion for a great power.	Maine Republican William Cohen said the plan might violate the assassination ban.	0
According to Mr. Threlkeld, the bottleneck in copper production isn't at the mines but at the copper refineries.	It takes three months to turn copper concentrate into cathodes.	1
Moreover production-rate increases that have been implemented on the 737, 747, 757 and 767 programs have resulted in "serious work force skill-dilution problems.	Suppliers and subcontractors are experiencing heightened pressure to support delivery schedules.	1
John Christie, a lawyer here for the two Chicago Title & Trust units accused the FTC of "second-guessing" state-level regulations, with which, he said, his clients had complied.	I expect all the companies to appeal.	1
that consumers, conservative as ever, are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly.	In July, consumer installment credit outstanding fell for the first time since January 1987.	1
Higher earnings helped some issues.	Amgen rose 2 1/4 to 54 3/4 on almost 800,000 shares, and CVB Financial jumped 4 to 41 on only 1,000 shares.	1
This Friday brings the "double witching hour.	Traders are already buckling their seat belts.	1
The market was caught totally the wrong way.	Everyone was extremely long on sterling.	1
The interest-rate sensitives aren't rallying with the rest of the market because of fears about what the (Federal Reserve) will do.	that investors will scour the October employment report, due out Friday, for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates.	1
The repair shops aren't united, however.	Shops represented by the Automotive Service Industry Association and the Motor Equipment Manufacturers Association oppose any increase in warranty length.	0
At the same time, the expectations of the East German people are great and will continue to grow.	What's necessary now is the process of democratization.	1
Borrowers' incentives are equally skewed.	Since the government has a dismal record of collecting bad debts, the costs to the borrower of defaulting are usually low.	1
This hardly sounds like an anti-homosexual screed.	What's really going on here.	1
She was in her most radiant, expressive voice.	Maybe she could step across the plaza to the Met and help out her Czech compatriot by singing the slow parts of "Traviata.	1
AG is hardly alone in its anxiety.	A rambunctious shake-up is quickly reshaping Europe's once-stately insurance business.	1
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan's morale and image -- but haven't done much for its market share.	Nissan had 29% of the Japanese car market in 1980 before beginning a depressing eight-year slide that continued through last year.	1
Some in Washington contend that it's too soon to tell whether Mr. Breeden will help or hinder the SEC.	I don't think this was a real test It was a fairly stressful weekend, but my sense is if you hadn't had Richard Breeden there, it wouldn't have made much of a difference.	1
If the railroad is valued on a private market basis it would have a value of $1.65 billion.	A compromise between bulls and bears puts remaining assets and cash at $2 billion.	0
FOR THOSE WHO DELIGHT in the misfortune of others, read on.	This is a story about suckers.	1
And pressure by big investors forced Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. to sweeten Chicago & North Western's $475 million junk bond offering.	After hours of negotiating that stretched late into Thursday night, underwriters priced the 12-year issue of resettable senior subordinated debentures at par to yield 14.75%, higher than the 14.5% that had been expected.	0
and Mr. Corry doesn't necessarily disagree.	Unlike his predecessor, who saw steel as America's backbone, Mr. Corry tends to view it as a capital-draining and labor-intensive business with limited potential.	1
Traffic is certainly a concern, as is pollution, water and an adequate labor market.	City fathers have managed to push through projects that are crucial for tourist growth, such as the expansion of McCarran International Airport to accommodate the 44% of Las Vegas tourists who fly here.	0
Within a few years, the outcome in most states is likely to be that abortion will be more restricted, but not completely banned.	This is where the voters are, which is where politicians usually end up.	1
But "these wide swings scare them to death." All of this is bad news for the big brokerage firms such as Shearson and Merrill Lynch & Co. that have big "retail," or individual-investor, businesses.	After expanding rapidly during the bull-market years up to the 1987 crash, retail brokerage operations these days are getting barely enough business to pay the overhead.	1
This is worth remembering when insurers and their salesmen try to sell you permanent insurance, the kind that amasses cash value.	The word "death" cannot be escaped entirely by the industry, but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms, preferring to talk about "savings" and "investment" instead.	1
priced at 99.85 to yield 8.387%.	The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 62.5 basis points above the Treasury's five-year note.	0
Despite the inevitable comparison with Compaq, however, Texas Instruments' new notebook won't be a direct competitor.	While Compaq sells its machines to businesses through computer retailers, Texas Instruments will be selling most of its machines to the industrial market and to value-added resellers and original-equipment manufacturers.	1
Only walking and golf increased in popularity during the 1980s -- and only slightly.	Jeanette Traverso, a California lawyer, gave up running three times a week to play a weekly round of golf, finding it more social and serene.	0
The result has been a dangerous vacuum of U.S. leadership, which leaves Central America open to Soviet adventurism.	The {influence of the} U.S. is not being felt in Central America; Washington's decisions do not respond to a policy, and are divorced from reality.	0
The farmer can say the same for coal, cement, saw blades.	In Poland, only 4% of all investment goes toward making things farmers want.	1
Du Pont's stock rose $2.50 a share to close at $117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.	Seagram closed at $84.75, up 12.5 cents a share in Big Board trading.	0
Some investment advisers are suggesting, in effect, a bet on a start-up investment pool -- maybe even on margin..Others prefer deep-discount zero-coupon bonds.	Still others say, Why not take a chance on a high-octane growth fund.	0
As for GM, its "fallback position has to be a full bid itself.	A Ford takeover of Jaguar would "have such implications for the balance of power in the 1990s that General Motors can't afford to step aside.	1
Nor is CBS a shoo-in to get blockbuster ratings.	In recent years, the World Series and the Olympics were aired against CBS's last-place lineup..But CBS will put the athletes up against Bill Cosby, "Cheers" and other shows in NBC's No. 1 schedule.	1
The merged company that it now becomes part of will have billings of just more than $2.6 billion -- most of that in Europe -- bringing it to about 14th world-wide.	To make it to top-10 status, it would have to leapfrog over such formidable forces as Grey Advertising, D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles and Omnicom's DDB Needham.	1
By midnight Oct. 6, all of the paintings were supposed to have been sold off.	CenTrust didn't meet the deadline.	0
Mr. Shilling understands Mr. Straszheim's problems.	There's unbelievable pressure on economists to forecast these numbers.	1
American Medical International Inc. was dropped from the health care providers industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index.	The company is being acquired.	1
Well, think twice.	The concept may be simple: Take a bunch of loans, tie them up in one neat package, and sell pieces of the package to investors..But the simplicity may be misleading.	1
and conservative Sen. Phil Gramm cast the fight as a populist stand against monied interests.	We are stewards here, not of the mortgage companies, but the taxpayers," said the Texas Republican.	0
It will include Messrs..Schwarz and Maurer.	and will serve in the office of the chairman.	0
They look the same.	They're very friendly.	0
This of course led to disaster in New York City.	Getting a community of parents to care again about its schools is essential, but in Chicago the new boards will make mistakes and Mr. Kimbrough will have to identify them.	1
Indexed portfolios can be built around thousands of stocks, or just a few dozen, rather than being restricted to the S&P 500 companies.	They can ignore the S&P 500 stocks altogether and focus on particular types of stocks, such as smaller companies, those paying high dividends or companies in a particular industry, state or country.	0
In 1989, Illinois, Kansas, Ohio, Oregon and South Carolina have adopted rights laws.	the features vary.	0
The probe, which is painless, non-invasive and apparently harmless, employs strong magnetic fields to induce small whirlwinds of electricity within the brain.	If positioned over the brain's motor-control area, the hand-held electromagnets generate nerve impulses that zip down motor nerves and activate muscles, making, say, a finger twitch.	1
Mr. Lortie's departure, while sudden, was seen as inevitable in light of the shift in strategy.	The non-food operations were largely Mr. Lortie's creation {and} his strategy didn't work.	1
But in the end, it must be rejected for logical as well as moral reasons.	To say that the Pentagon should act irresponsibly because acting responsibly will provoke Congress into acting irresponsibly leads to the conclusion that the Pentagon should deliberately exaggerate its needs in the national interest.	1
Officials of Rockefeller Group and Mitsubishi Estate prefer to focus on the affinities, nearly dismissing the threat of a backlash from the U.S. public.	We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions," says Raymond Pettit, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group.	0
As times get tougher, investors fret about whether companies will have enough money to pay their debts.	This hurts the price of corporate bonds.	1
Any push for a Gorbachev vision of a "common European home," implying the eventual dissolution of the EC, a Soviet-German partnership and the withdrawal of U.S. forces, "would be a very, very serious problem.	a Bismarckian super state will emerge that would dominate Europe.	0
The company earned $66 million, or $1.19 a share, on revenue of $2.1 billion in the year-ago fourth quarter.	For fiscal 1988, Ashland had net of $224 million, or $4.01 a share, on revenue of $7.8 billion.	0
the thin trading volume points to continued uncertainty by most investors following last Monday's record 13% loss.	The market is still 4% short of its level before the plunge, and analysts aren't sure how long it will take until the DAX has closed that gap.	0
Mr. Achenbaum's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner, Stanley Canter, 66, would retire.	When the announcement came out, "I picked up the phone and said, `Why don't you come to us.	1
But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogelstein, a young molecular biologist at Johns Hopkins Medical School, believed Dr. Knudson was right, and set out to repeat the Cavenee experiment in cells from other cancers.	His was one of two research teams in 1984 to report dual chromosome losses for a rare childhood cancer of the kidney called Wilm's tumor.	0
The fund's strategy is to sell when a stock appreciates 30% over its cost.	By the time the market plummeted 10 days ago, Monetta was 55% in cash.	1
Several months ago, it also added black health and beauty aids displays to many stores.	We certainly see an increasing trend toward that.	1
In one personal-injury case, a woman claimed she had been injured when she slipped in a pool, but the fall didn't explain why one of her arms was discolored bluish.	By repeatedly drawing the jury's attention to the arm, the defense lawyers planted doubt about the origin of the woman's injuries.	1
The graph on the right (which assumes a 4% rate of inflation), places these scenarios in the context of recent appropriations.	Note how the baseline program assumes a sharp increase in future appropriations.	0
Chandler might have been predicting the course of his own career.	His last published novel featuring private detective Philip Marlowe, the inferior "Playback" (1958), at times read almost like a parody of his previous work.	1
Last month, for example, Mips agreed to supply its computers to Nixdorf Computer AG of West Germany and France's Groupe Bull.	Sony Corp., Tandem Computers Inc. and Digital Equipment have agreed to sell MIPS computers and companies such as Japan's NEC Corp. and West Germany's Siemens A.G. have agreed to make Mips chips under license.	0
Allianz also holds a 50% stake in Navigation Mixte's insurance subsidiary.	Navigation Mixte holds the remaining 50%.	0
The second part, consisting of $1 billion of noncallable bonds due Oct. 1, 1999, was priced as 8 3/8% securities at 99.691 to yield 8.42%.	The 10-year issue was priced at a spread of 43 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.	0
The male part, the anthers of the plant, and the female, the pistils, of the same plant are within a fraction of an inch or even attached to each other.	The anthers in these plants are difficult to clip off.	1
He talked about 20 minutes.	When he was through, the court members asked many questions.	0
Another lifelong complication was racism.	Baker had the good luck to arrive in 1925 Paris, where blacks had become exotic.	0
This summer, speeding bikers were blamed for an accident in the Napa County park, in which a horse broke its leg.	The animal had to be destroyed.	1
The writer must not invent.	Should the green light Judges Alarcon and Hall have given to the fabrication of quotations become standard practice, it will notably reduce the value of journalism for historians -- and for citizens.	0
These rate indications aren't directly comparable.	lending practices vary widely by location.	1
An increasing number of references by the Soviet press to opposition groups now active in the U.S.S.R., particularly the Democratic Union, allege that they show "terroristic tendencies" and claim that they would be prepared to kill in order to achieve their aims.	It is possible that, in perpetuating such myths, the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism.	1
Not selling into a panic turned out to be very good advice.	Despite the market's volatility, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has surged 114 points in the past four days.	1
whether there is a better way to be structured.	that the trust is ultimately going to need to sell some of our shares.	1
In response to the internationalization of the business, Mr. Sinyard's company is replacing independent distributors overseas with wholly owned subsidiaries.	The move will cut out the cost of a middleman and give Specialized more control over marketing and sales.	1
The S&P 500 index futures "transferred the identity of 500 stocks into one unit-making them a simple commodity to trade.	It took away the need to know the bad third-quarter report of IBM, for example.	1
Morgan Grenfell rose 20 to 392 pence ($6.18) a share..S.G. Warburg finished 22 higher at 400.	Hambros rose 5 to 204.	0
Alexander Brody, 56, will take on the newly created position of president of the world-wide agency and chief executive of its international operations.	He had been president of the international operations.	0
The problem for IBM trial lawyers Thomas Barr and David Boies was how to make such a highly technical case understandable.	As the trial progressed, they were eager to know if the jury was keeping up with them.	1
The B/T gene rearrangement test is more accurate than existing tests for diagnosing the type of cancer, whether it has spread or whether there is a recurrence following treatment.	the test initially will be used in conjunction with biopsies and other tests, but eventually might become the benchmark for tumor analysis.	1
Plant lovers who studied the maquette were alarmed.	They looked at the miniature and saw a giant folly.	1
Mr. Carson has been charged with being anti-Semitic.	Asked about that the other day, he replied, "Anti-Semitic.	0
One newer wrinkle has been immensely popular in recent years for tax reasons.	the insured could extract cash value in the form of policy "loans," and none of the proceeds were taxable even though they included gains on investment.	1
Next month, NASA plans to launch a satellite to study cosmic rays dating from the birth of the universe.	In December, the shuttle Columbia will try to retrieve a satellite that's been in orbit for nearly five years measuring the deleterious effects of space on materials and instruments.	0
Ingersoll has 28 dailies and 200 other non-daily papers in the U.S. and Europe.	its revenue will exceed $750 million this year.	0
Some 60% of the survey respondents said they would buy anti-lock brakes even if they carry a medium or high price tag.	More than 50% felt the same way about air bags.	0
One Board member, Bronx Borough President Ferdinand Ferrer, was said to be so impatient with Mr. Dinkins's behavior at many meetings that he withheld his support for Mr. Dinkins's mayoral effort until late in the primary campaign.	I had some problem from time to time on the length of time he would take to make up his mind.	1
but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from "bringing home the bacon" to their respective constituencies.	Each legislator, after all, is only one out of 535 when it comes to national policy making.	1
Israel has long claimed Mr. Arafat never meant to renounce terrorism.	Now it is backing up its contention with detailed accounts of alleged terrorist acts and plans linked to Mr. Arafat.	0
Today, it's obvious that the brawny, six-foot, one-inch musician made the right choice.	At 31, Mr. McDuffie has a rich, full-bodied tone, an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule.	1
The Packwood plan also would include a proposal, designed by Sen. William Roth (R., Del.), that would create new tax benefits for individual retirement accounts.	The Roth plan would create a new, non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement, but also for the purchase of a first home, education expenses and medical expenses.	0
Tandy's decision is a second setback for U.S. Memories.	Last month, Apple Computer Inc. said that it wouldn't invest in the group.	1
What's necessary now is the process of democratization.	Not just that people are being heard but that their interests are being taken seriously.	0
Some conservatives say Mr. Bush shouldn't make the trip.	These critics object to Mr. Bush's participation in a meeting that includes Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega among the guests.	0
Nor has Beijing hinted to its citizens that it will publish the identities of those killed.	So far, the victims are officially considered evil-doers, and their families receive no compensation.	0
Thomas P. Marrie, chief financial officer, wouldn't comment about the details of the negotiations.	He said the provision "wasn't forced upon us, but the regulators made it very clear what they thought was an appropriate number.	0
The Ministry of Education is nothing but a cartel for licensed teachers, and certainly does not act on behalf of students.	The Ministry of Construction spreads concrete throughout the country and boasts in international conferences that Japan's paved roadway per capita is the longest in the world, but they seldom think of the poor commuters who spend so much time sitting in traffic.	0
The city has issued so much supply recently that some people are getting a little concerned.	They'd like to see some other names in their portfolios.	1
To slow the rise in total spending, it will be necessary to reduce per-capita use of services.	This will "require us to define -- and redefine -- what is `necessary' or `appropriate' care.	1
At a nearby corner, they swerve perilously close to a listing apartment house, oblivious to any danger.	A policeman shakes his head in amazement as he steers them away.	1
Mr. Stoll draws his title from the cuckoo's habit of laying eggs in the nests of other birds, making them surrogate parents.	The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing/electronic mail program called Gnu-Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T..Using Gnu-Emacs, the spy could substitute a bogus "atrun" program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes.	1
Switzerland's most famous raider says he isn't one.	Werner K. Rey believes fortunes are made by being friendly.	0
Michael Foods has attracted a good many short-sellers.	Many analysts question management's credibility.	0
If you take away the outside influences, the market itself looks very cheap.	What's happening here isn't justified by the fundamentals.	1
I don't think this was a real test.	It was a fairly stressful weekend, but my sense is if you hadn't had Richard Breeden there, it wouldn't have made much of a difference.	1
Pro-Iranian kidnappers renewed an offer to trade their captives in Lebanon for at least 15 Shiite Moslem comrades jailed in Kuwait.	The statement by Islamic Jihad, which holds at least two U.S. hostages, was accompanied by a photograph of Associated Press correspondent Terry Anderson, longest held of 18 Western hostages.	0
The family was in Allied countries during both World War I and the long period of economic strife of the 1920s.	During the Third Reich, the Rothschilds were a target of Nazi propaganda against Jewish financiers.	0
It could be a long wait.	Some investors will tiptoe back in.	1
But no one else does.	Now that's name-dropping, if you know what I mean.	1
the company will post additional pretax profit of about $33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends Du Pont also announced plans for a 3-for-1 stock split.	Du Pont's stock rose $2.50 a share to close at $117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.	1
That's easy for him to say.	CBS's four-year NBA pact, now at $176 million for four years, could double in price by the time his talks with Mr. Pilson are completed later this month.	1
In the nine months, net rose 35% to $120.1 million, or $1.64 a share, from $89.2 million, or $1.22 a share, a year earlier.	Revenue increased 22% to $2.5 billion from $2.1 billion.	0
After long stretches of this attendant ground activity came 20 or so lovely minutes of drifting above the Vosges watching the silver mists rise off the river and the French cows amble about the fields.	It's hard not to feel that God's in his heaven with this kind of bird's-eye view of the world, even if your pilote in silly plaid beret kept pointing out how "belle" it all was.	0
One spot shows a Sonata next to a rival midsized car, and an announcer says, "Listen to what they're saying about the Hyundai Sonata.	As the announcer reads favorable quotes about the model from Motor Trend and Road & Track magazines, the other car, which is white, slowly turns green.	0
NBC had five of the top 10 shows.	ABC had four.	0
The fundamentals are pretty strong.	I don't see this as a bear market at all.	1
Mr. Corry had hoped the detente would continue.	He was shocked to learn of Mr. Icahn's new takeover threat.	1
Other magazine publishing companies have been moving in the same direction.	The New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group earlier this year began offering advertisers extensive merchandising services built around buying ad pages in its Golf Digest magazine.	0
If we want to survive as a people we have to change our way of life.	The Afrikaner must end his reliance on others.	0
In fact, the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara's famous linkages of art, idealism and revolution seem modest.	It is on behalf of these people, and out of my real respect for them, that I am responding to Mr. Asman's opinions of their country.	1
That is "a total 100% lie.	The movie is in its post-production stages of "cleaning up the film.	1
by using Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Corp. as a broker.	Cantor provides price quotes to Telerate Systems Inc., a widely used electronic system.	1
Cray made its announcement after the stock market closed.	In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Cray closed down $1.125 at $34.25.	0
The number of misclassified workers may be in the millions, mostly paid by small firms.	Many workers, especially professionals, want to remain independent to avoid tax withholding and to continue to deduct many expenses that employees can't.	1
Antwerp auctioneer Campo is less concerned with market niches than with Belgium's crushing tax and auction-fee burden.	Everything has to be the same between countries," says Campo's Stefan Campo, who is asking clients to sign protest petitions.	0
Her dismissal angered many in the regional theater establishment and led Peter Zeisler, head of Theatre Communications Group, to write an editorial in American Theatre magazine condemning the board.	None of this backlash could change the fact that Ms. Brown's regime was remarkably undistinguished and unimaginative.	0
Psyllium's not a good crop.	You get a rain at the wrong time and the crop is ruined.	1
In that suit, the SEC accused Mr. Antar of engaging in a "massive financial fraud" to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie, Edison, N.J., over a three-year period.	Through his lawyers, Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others.	0
Expect brushbacks but no beanballs.	Even expect stolen bases.	0
These groups have been trying to improve the mountain biker's image.	in the San Francisco-area park district where a ranger was clobbered by a cyclist this summer bikers have formed a volunteer patrol to help rangers enforce regulations.	0
Among possible buyers, Grand Metropolitan PLC might find Beefeater a useful addition to its portfolio.	Grand Met owns Bombay gin, the No. 3 imported gin in the U.S.	1
they (GM) will let Ford have a free run.	they will be going for a full bid.	1
They also want U.S. trade policy to reflect the Pentagon and Commerce department's concern over their future.	They all are strongly opposed to a petition from several Japanese TV manufacturers, including Matsushita, Hitachi, and Toshiba, to exempt portable color TVs with liquid-crystal displays from anti-dumping duties that the U.S. imposes on the larger Japanese color TVs.	1
Marginal operations and assets have been sold..The size of the company's board has been reduced to eight directors from 13..About 140 salaried management jobs and hundreds of hourly wage positions have been eliminated.	Even perks have been reduced.	0
Federal, on its own, hadn't been doing very well overseas.	It had hemorrhaged in its attempt to get into Asia, where treaty restrictions forced it to fly some planes half-empty on certain routes.	1
That will please once-grumpy affiliates -- another aim of the Pilson plan.	They gleefully await the "dream season" in 1990.	1
Any hiring is confined to retail sales.	Illinois Company Investments had been trimming its ranks until last summer..But then it was acquired by Household International Inc. Now it offers richer commissions to lure a broker a week.	0
Nomura started a credit-card venture with American Express Co. that allowed cardholders to use their Nomura securities accounts like a bank account, attracting the wrath of banks..And Industrial Bank of Japan started up a London securities subsidiary that sells Japanese stocks to non-Japanese institutions overseas, a move that stirred the anger of the stock brokerage firms.	The New Zealand bond issue simply has brought the two institutions face-to-face.	1
Their legacy lives on.	It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full-time American members and 25,000 "associates.	0
In subsequent experiments, one of two neutron detectors occasionally indicated a burst of neutrons but neutron bursts were never recorded in both detectors at the same time.	They concluded the indications of neutrons stemmed from faults in the detectors rather than from the cold fusion experiment.	1
The pick of the group is "Payroll.	it should be required reading for every college president.	0
The voters delivered Mr. Gonzalez a third mandate for his successes.	They, as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model, are supporting the direction Spain is taking.	0
But only after a fleet of 336 gargantuan earthmoving vehicles belonging to De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd., the world's diamond kingpins, do their work.	Last year, 43 million tons of desert were moved from one dune to another to recover 934,242 carats.	0
Now that's advice the writers should take to heart.	They have a series with a good character, some interesting, even occasionally surprising plot lines, and they're ruining it.	1
There's a satisfaction in going against the rules.	He means the rule that a player can't cut it after a certain age.	0
It was a busy week for OTC stocks.	Friday's volume totaled 158.2 million shares.	1
The sale caused a rift between the widow and some of her husband's followers.	Some of the money will go to the Chico Mendes Foundation, but it isn't earmarked for groups trying to save the rain forest.	1
Sam, Max's brother, has escaped the flesh by working as a liveried chauffeur and never seeking a wife.	Teddy, the eldest of Max's sons, has made the most dramatic escape by becoming a professor of philosophy at an American university.	0
But it's rare to see both functions in one case.	Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon, Ind.-investment broker, ex-accountant, and son of a former stable owner-bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years, raised cattle for four, and never made a profit on either.	0
In most civil cases, judges allow each side three such challenges.	For complex cases, judges sometimes allow many more.	0
it also draws the line that Soviet society must cross to enter the normal dialogue of Western culture.	It is the line beyond which the press can report not only on the bankruptcy of factories but on the failures of even admirable leaders.	0
To my knowledge, no government entities, including the EPA, are pursuing UV-B measurements.	The topic never comes up in ozonedepletion "establishment" meetings, of which I have attended many.	0
it also has a major flaw: It's wildly overwritten.	Executive Producers Steve Sohmer and Jeff Bleckner (and writer/producers Ken Solarz and Steve Bello) have revved this show up to the breaking point.	0
He signed up for intelligence and counter-intelligence training under American officers at Fort Gulick in Panama in July 1967, according to a copy of a 1983 resume with details Mr. Noriega has since classified as secret.	He flew to Fort Bragg, N.C., in September of that year for a course in psychological operations, returning to the School of the Americas in Panama for a two-month course called "military intelligence for officers.	0
East Bloc pollution data typically have been state secrets.	While Polish data have been freely available since 1980, it was no accident that participants urged the free flow of information.	1
The decision by a majority of state-appointed Waertsilae Marine directors Monday to file for bankruptcy was an abrupt about-face from previous government policy.	In August, the government played a major part in a sweeping restructuring of the troubled shipyard.	1
What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance.	People didn't believe we were in tune with the marketplace, and in many ways we weren't.	1
Fannie Mae faces a number of challenges with the restructuring of the thrift industry and the push to broaden its activities overseas.	There's no shortage of major things to do.	0
By the end of this year, 63-year-old Chairman Silas Cathcart retires to his Lake Forest, Ill., home.	I've done what I came to do" at Kidder.	1
The pilots' insistence on majority ownership also may make the idea of a recapitalization difficult to achieve.	Who wants to be a public shareholder investing in a company controlled by the pilots' union.	1
You are absolutely wrong, however, in opining that this position is some kind of "flip-flop," something newly arrived at as a result of reading the opinion polls.	My position is one founded on both the facts and the law.	1
that since 1987, sales have doubled during the week before Christmas.	People are just used to living in a last-minute society.	1
Oils and fats also did well, posting a 5.3% sales increase.	Sales in the category that includes pharmaceuticals, amino acids and chemicals rose 4.7%.	0
Lone Star's Bond Corp. parent, for instance, hails from Perth, Australia.	North Carolinians, New Yorkers, Californians, Chicagoans and Ohioans own Texas banks.	0
that when it comes to distressed properties, finding diamonds in the rough isn't easy.	The level of interest in the RTC's properties has been greater than expected, and has come from larger companies than initially anticipated.	1
However, since Eastern first filed for Chapter 11 protection March 9, it has consistently promised to pay creditors 100 cents on the dollar.	Because the carrier is still pledging to do that, some committee members successfully argued that there's little reason yet to explore a different plan, according to one person familiar with the creditors' position.	1
Belgium was closed for two days, France closed for a couple of hours, Germany was stuck.	It was a nightmare.	0
there is more than one way to respond to a disaster.	For many companies, the instinctive first response is to cut costs.	0
With the new TV spots, Ogilvy & Mather has opted for a family style with lots of laughter, hugs and tears.	We're making a fairly obvious plea for some emotional reaction.	0
that what sustains the Sandinista movement is not democratic peace, but nondemocratic unpeace.	It is the presence of internal and external "enemies" which justifies the need for a large, active army that Mikhail Gorbachev's Soviet Union continues to supply with bullets.	0
Mr. Angell is incorrect when he states that the Soviet Union's large gold reserves would give it "great power to establish credibility.	During the latter part of the 19th century, Russia was on a gold standard and had gold reserves representing more than 100% of its outstanding currency, but no one outside Russia used rubles.	1
I refuse to get out there and tell everybody everything is hunky-dory.	We have a major problem, and that problem is volatility.	1
that he isn't using the telephone to lure clients to his doorstep.	We will only deal with clients on the phone.	0
Honda has a tiny motorcycle called the Monkey, and a slightly larger cousin, the Gorilla.	Mitsubishi has a futuristic delivery truck called the Guppy.	0
Mr. Roman also brushed aside reports about infighting between him and Mr. Phillips, his successor at Ogilvy.	The two executives could hardly be more different.	0
use good judgment.	We're standing in gasoline, so don't smoke.	0
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench..The local American Legion color guard led the way.	As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe, he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare.	0
Ford's latest move increases the pressure on GM to complete its current talks with Jaguar quickly.	GM is likely to reach the cooperative operating pact it has been seeking in about two weeks.	0
And in some months, he buys stock-index futures and not stocks at all.	By their nature, our trades are very short-term and are going to create high turnover.	1
Meanwhile, Prudential, the nation's largest insurer and the biggest investor in junk bonds, has seen the value of its junk bond portfolio drop to $6.5 billion from $7 billion since August because of falling junk prices.	We certainly do have a lack of liquidity here, and it's something to be concerned about.	0
By combining his strengths in innovation and quality control with the lower costs of production abroad he has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost.	To maintain control over production and avoid overdependence on foreign sources he still makes most of his furs in the U.S.	0
And what they have shown isn't impressive.	My impression is that there isn't anything which arouses our interest at first glance.	0
The '86 act was a fluke.	They wanted reform and they got a revolution.	1
but its stock purchases were thought to have begun Tuesday, timed to coincide with the maturity this week of Treasury bills owned by the firm.	The other half of its portfolio is expected to remain invested in Treasury bills for the time being.	0
There's too much capacity.	there's anyone not building one.	1
It was the 49-year-old Mr. Evans who had moved into the offices of MGM/UA and run the company during Qintex Australia Ltd. 's aborted bid for the movie company.	After MGM/UA terminated the $1.5 billion merger because of a dispute over a $50 million letter of credit, Qintex Entertainment -- which is 43%-owned by Qintex Australia -- found itself facing problems of its own.	0
it operates 35 retail outlets in the U.S. and plans to open 15 more by the end of next year.	many of the the imports unstylish and poorly made.	0
Cadillac may be on to something.	Some 60% of the survey respondents said they would buy anti-lock brakes even if they carry a medium or high price tag.	1
to stop the brand's slipping market share.	According to John Maxwell, an analyst at Wheat First Securities, Richmond, Va., Benson & Hedges has slipped from 4.7% of the cigarette market in 1985 to just 4.1% after the second quarter of this year.	0
This is especially true for spring merchandise.	Campeau has too much debt.	1
the project had been stymied somewhat by "the difficulty of designing" the jackets.	The procedure involves encasing the concrete columns with steel, then connecting them more securely to the double-decker roadbed.	0
Major steel producers are selling cold rolled sheet steel at about $370 a ton, compared with a peak price of $520 a ton in 1988.	Second-tier companies are receiving even less per ton.	0
The benchmark 30-year bond ended at 101 17/32.	The yield on the benchmark bond rose slightly to 7.98% from 7.96%.	0
The Big Board reported that short interest dropped to 523,920,214 shares as of Oct. 13 from 547,347,585 shares in mid-September.	Amex short interest climbed 3% to 53,496,665 shares from 51,911,566 shares.	0
Although air-traffic delays in San Francisco were significant yesterday.	The earthquake shattered windows at San Francisco International's air-traffic control tower and rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers, three of whom suffered minor injuries.	1
It's back to tax-give-away time for the select few.	Next year, every special-interest group is going to be there knocking on Lloyd Bentsen's door, on Danny Rostenkowski's door.	1
many expected a much smaller amount of bonds to be sold.	The fact that the city will issue such a large amount of debt was interpreted as a sign that New York's budgetary problems are more serious than had been expected.	1
Import growth from the year-earlier months slowed to 16% in July and 7.1% in August, compared with an average growth rate of 26% in the first half.	In the first eight months of 1989, imports grew 21%, to $38.32 billion, down slightly from a growth rate of 23% a year earlier.	1
Mr. Tonkin's plan as unworkable.	It "is going to sound neat to the dealer except when his 15-day car supply doesn't include the bright red one that the lady wants to buy and she goes up the street to buy one.	1
Some analysts remain bullish.	he is recalculating the worth of the company's assets and, in the meantime, is sticking to his "buy" recommendation on the belief that he will find "values" of 30 a share.	0
Some analysts said they believed Mr. Trump might come back with a lower bid.	Ray Neidl of Dillon Read & Co. said Mr. Trump "is stepping back and waiting for the dust to settle.	0
Although the legislation would apply to any acquisition of a major airline, it is aimed at transactions financed by large amounts of debt.	an airline might sacrifice costly safety measures in order to repay debt.	1
Nothing bravura, no arpeggios, no ticklish fingering problems challenge the performer.	We hear, we may think, inner voices, but they all seem to be saying the same thing.	1
In the private sector, practically every major company is setting explicit goals to increase employees' exposure to computers.	Toyota Motor Corp. 's sales offices in Japan have one-tenth the computers per employee that its own U.S. offices do; over the next five years, it is aiming for rough parity.	0
He also noticed that foreign makers were introducing many variations on the traditional fur, and he decided to follow suit.	By combining his strengths in innovation and quality control with the lower costs of production abroad, he says he has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost.	1
Last week, Tele-Communications agreed to pay Viacom Inc. $225 million for a 50% stake in its Showtime subsidiary.	Tele-Communications, the U.S.'s largest cable company, said it may seek other cable partners to join in its investment.	0
For the first time, the U.S. considered cutting Mr. Noriega from its intelligence payroll -- and the deliberations were intense.	In the world of intelligence, if you want to get information, you get it from seedy characters.	1
Also, AMR was the most active Big Board issue.	2.8 million shares changed hands.	0
that Mr. Gorbachev's problems result from the failure of his own system.	They can be relieved only by changing that system, not by pouring Western money into it.	1
Have the freedoms of glasnost gone to Mr. Ovcharenko's head? Hardly.	The Irish-Soviet aviation connection is alive and well here at Shannon Airport.	1
that while Nashua's performance this year has been "atrocious," the company nonetheless is attractive as a "classic breakup candidate because there's no similarity between its {four} businesses.	the breakup value at $55 a share.	1
When the Supreme Court opened the door this year to new restrictions on abortion, Ms. Ehman opened her mind to Democratic politics.	Then a political novice, she stepped into a whirl of "pro-choice" marches, house parties and fund-raisers.	1
The sales are being dragged down by a glut of 1989 vehicles.	The earlier use of incentives depleted the market of "scavengers" for bargain-basement 1989 cars.	1
She made money, but spent more.	Friends pitched in.	1
Last week, Revco's parent company, Anac Holding Corp., said the company reported a loss of $16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter, compared with a loss of $27.9 million in the year-earlier quarter.	Sales were $597.8 million, up 2.4% from the previous year.	0
But Farmington, N.M.-based Mesa said the offer was for $7 in cash and unspecified StatesWest securities valued at $3 a share.	Based on the number of Mesa shares outstanding not already owned by StatesWest, the proposed takeover would have a value of about $15.3 million.	1
Nor do analysts expect the Sansui deal to touch off a fresh wave of foreign purchases.	If the strong yen and the high stock prices of Japanese companies weren't deterrents enough, webs of cross-shareholdings between friendly Japanese companies and fiercely independent Japanese corporate attitudes repel most would-be acquirers.	1
There's no huge buying.	Really brave views right now would be foolhardy.	0
the acquisition would give Paribas fresh diversity, bringing it properties in food and transport where it has been weak.	Navigation Mixte has investments in a sugar company, a food and canning concern, a bakery and bus and trucking firms, among others.	1
they're relatively fortunate.	With a hurricane you know it's coming.	1
The owners, William and Margie Hammack, are luckier than many others.	A few years ago, Mrs. Hammack insisted on buying earthquake insurance for this house.	1
Also, the new stirrings are faint, and some question their extent.	Drilling activity is still far below eight years ago, there's no hiring surge and some companies continue to shrink.	1
that it plans to reduce its leverage position by buying back $5 million in preferred stock and notes from investors.	The fund made a similar move earlier this year.	0
The outlook for corporate earnings is fairly bleak.	It's quite likely we're going to get repeats" of the mid-October market shocks.	1
Similarly, a group of companies led by Chevron Corp. has been unable to pump oil found off the California coast in the early 1980s.	A huge production system built in the sea off Santa Barbara and ashore is sitting idle.	1
By that, he means low-margin but low-risk products such as certain types of primary property insurance.	The exchange must find new products and new markets.	1
There's no question it will make LBOs more expensive.	The interest deduction was the engine that made these things more productive.	1
China's leaders have promised generous liberties for post-1997 Hong Kong.	That promise sounds shaky now that those same leaders have fallen back on Marxist dogma and brute force to crush their nation's democracy movement.	0
But the average Indian had tremendous hope in the youthful leader and his promise to make both government and the ruling party more effective and less corrupt.	His failures in those two areas deeply, and sometimes bitterly, disappointed many Indians.	1
but in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out three white-majority districts and six black-majority districts.	Richard Arrington, Birmingham's black mayor, lamented the consequences.	1
The pricing will become more realistic, which should help management.	Investors aren't going to be throwing money at any of the proposed LBOs, but doing deals on the basis of ridiculous assumptions never made sense, either.	1
According to a detailed report by Zbigniew Bochniarz of the University of Minnesota's Hubert Humphrey Institute, 27 areas containing a third of Poland's population are regarded as "ecological hazards" due to multiple violations of standards.	Norms are consistently exceeded at 60% of nitrogen oxide monitoring sites and 80% of those for dust and soot emissions.	0
Her appetite for children also was large.	She adopted 12 of assorted races.	1
These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index.	When the computers say "sell," the composite tumbles as well as the Dow Jones Industrial Average.	1
Labor problems are the last thing Mr. Smith needs right now.	Although the Tiger acquisition has brought Federal a long way toward becoming the global player it wants to be, it also has brought problems.	1
Some think investors should sell into rallies.	The market "is going to wind down.	1
For the nine months, Ashton-Tate had a loss of $27.6 million, or $1.05 a share.	In the year-ago period, the company had profit of $34.3 million, or $1.32 a share.	0
Upset over the use of what it says are its exclusive trademarks, Hells Angels Motorcycle Corp. is fighting back -- in court.	Concord New Horizons Corp., creators of a 1988 movie called Nam Angels, used the gang's name and trademarks without authorization.	1
Although sports officials predict jumps of 50% to 100% in the major contracts coming up for renewal, ad rates may rise only 20%.	CBS hopes to save money by ordering fewer episodes of regular series because sports will fill up a few weeks of prime time.	1
Big Board short interest fell 4.2% for the month ended Oct. 13, the second decline in a row.	Borrowed shares on the Amex rose to another record.	0
But 1991 could be a window for action.	The pressure for change will rise with costs.	1
the joint venture represents considerable savings for both Renault and DAF, since both companies would in any case have had to renew their existing ranges of light goods vehicles.	By pooling their resources, the two groups have effectively halved the design and development costs that would otherwise have been entailed.	1
whether even that low target is at risk.	The break-even point for next year is much lower, but is it low enough.	0
Fees from syndicating loans dropped 48%, to $21 million.	We didn't take part in a lot of deals" in the quarter.	1
On just three big deals -- for four years of baseball and for the Olympic Winter Games in both 1992 and 1994 -- Pilson bid a total of $1.64 billion.	That's well over half a billion dollars more than ABC and NBC were willing to pay.	0
If housing prices continue to fall, many borrowers would be better off walking away from their homes and leaving taxpayers with the losses.	Much the same thing happened with busted S&Ls, a problem Congress just "solved" with a $166 billion bailout.	0
Moreover, the burden of consumer credit payments relative to disposable income may be "lower in this cycle than earlier.	that some "revolving credit-card credit is actually convenience credit" being used simply as a handy way of paying bills rather than a handy way of borrowing.	1
He predicted Ford officials will meet with Jaguar executives in the next week to outline their proposed offer.	Sir John Egan, Jaguar's chairman, so far has refused to meet with Ford officials, but he is believed to be willing to consider a specific bid proposal.	1
that the pricing program wouldn't have any effect on revenue.	growth coming from the large displays of brand-name merchandise it is adding to its stores over the next two years in what it calls "power formats.	0
when, a decade ago, some Marin County bicycle enthusiasts created a hybrid bike using fat tires, lightweight metallurgy and multi-gear technology.	They wanted a machine that would allow them to pedal into rugged terrain then inaccessible to cycles.	1
That gain probably translated into about 5% to 7% in dollar terms, well below recent quarters' gains of above 20%.	That was a disappointment" and a sign of overall computer-market softness in Europe.	1
Now shifting his scene from the country he left at five to the England he has lived in for nearly 30 years, he has fashioned a novel in the mode of Henry James and E.M. Forster.	With great aplomb he considers not only filial devotion and (utterly repressed) sexual love, but British anti-Semitism, the gentry's impatience with democracy and support of Hitler, and the moral problematics of loyalty.	0
Questions like that really stir up Marshall's ghost.	He appeared late one night in the bedroom of the new defense secretary, Dick Cheney.	1
CBS will air the Super Bowl, baseball playoffs, college and pro basketball finals and other premier sports events.	It's made me more committed to CBS.	1
that when he spoke out a few years ago, "I didn't say forever, and I didn't say every property.	The market changed.	0
Mr. Hastings faced the senators and sat impassively during the first two roll-call votes, then quickly left the chamber.	In an impromptu news conference on the Capitol steps, he denounced the senators' action.	0
Like other refiners, Lyondell's margins for chemicals and gasoline were narrower.	While the company said chemical margins continued to worsen this quarter, costs will be lower because the maintenance and expansions are complete.	0
The U.S. government's Sverdlovsk complaint, as with Krasnoyarsk, is no mere political posturing.	Biological weapons violations have figured little in political debate, and indeed have not been pressed vigorously enough by the U.S. government.	0
During settlement talks, for example, Warner demanded such things as cable TV rights to Columbia movies and Columbia's interest in the studio it jointly owns with Warner, according to executives involved in the talks.	In any settlement, Warner is almost certain to demand rights to most of the 50 or so projects Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters have locked up for the next few years, notably sequels to "Batman.	0
Now, many airline companies might become a lot less attractive as takeover targets on Wall Street.	The downturn also raises questions about the carriers' ambitious orders for new airplanes.	0
We're taking on more debt than we would have liked to.	that the company wouldn't be profitable until 1994 or later.	1
Israeli counterterrorism officials provided the State Department with a 20-page list of recent terrorist incidents they attribute directly to forces controlled by PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat.	Mr. Arafat publicly renounced terrorism Dec. 15.	0
Just this week, the House-Senate conference met -- 231 conferees, divided into 26 different subconferences.	Senator Daniel Inouye agreed to close some bases in Hawaii in exchange for such goodies as $11 million for a parking lot at Walter Reed Hospital.	0
the reduced dividend reflects the low price for precious metals.	losses for the fiscal year ending Oct. 31 could be as high as one million Canadian dollars (US$852,000).	0
The sole A not to homer was cleanup hitter Mark McGwire, their regular-season leader with 33, and he contributed five hits plus a diving fielding play on a ground ball in Game Three that stopped a Giant rally while the issue still was in doubt.	Think I'll redo my image -- get this changed to a glove.	1
Still, Mrs. Thatcher had once again gone against the grain.	Malaysia's Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad sniffed, "If everybody else puts out their left foot and you put out your right foot, you are out of step.	1
its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher raw material, repair and maintenance, and labor costs.	The increased labor costs became effective Aug. 1 under terms of the four-year labor agreement with the United Steelworkers union.	0
Mr. Pilson's rivals at ABC and NBC grimaced at the price.	How could CBS get pushed into outbidding itself.	1
That idea may have backfired.	Paribas is Allianz's main French bank, and it intends to stay neutral.	1
given the volatility in the bond market because of stocks.	People are looking past supply to lower interest rates, but they're also worried about being whipsawed by the volatility in the stock market.	0
But Welles's theater company turned out to have a brief -- one might say a mercurial -- existence.	What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Hollywood and Broadway proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as John Malkovich ("Dangerous Liaisons"), Joan Allen ("The Heidi Chronicles"), and Glenne Headly ("Lonesome Dove"), and the company crumbles.	1
And that puts added pressure on Chez Panisse dessert-menu planners.	We make what we know how to make.	1
There is a recognizable musical style here, but not a particular performance style.	The music is not especially pianistic.	1
Interpublic approached Saatchi in August about buying its Campbell-Mithun-Esty unit, but was turned down by Chairman Maurice Saatchi.	More recently, Interpublic inquired about one of Saatchi's smaller communications companies but again was rebuffed.	0
Even abortion opponents, however angry with Mr. Florio, can't hide their frustration with the Republican's ambivalence.	He doesn't want to lead the people," says Richard Traynor, president of New Jersey Right to Life.	0
that neither man represents a "safe" middle-class haven.	Nora's decision is between emotional excitement and emotional security, with no firm economic base anywhere.	1
Your Oct. 5 editorial "A Democratic Tax Cut" contained an error.	In the third paragraph it referred to the senators seeking loophole suggestions from lobbyists for various sectors of the economy.	0
That unease is expected to grow today when the government reports on September durable goods orders and again Thursday when the first assessment of third-quarter economic growth is released.	durable goods orders fell about 1%, compared with a 3.9% gain in August, and that growth in the third quarter slowed to about 2.3% from the second quarter's 2.5.	1
that individual investors will eventually go back into the stock market.	Investors will develop "thicker skins," and their confidence will return.	1
To date, scientists have fingered two of these cancer-suppressors.	Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in 1986.	0
Spain's Socialist Party claimed victory in nationwide elections, saying it had retained its parliamentary majority by one seat.	With all the votes counted, a government spokesman said Prime Minister Gonzalez's party won 176 seats in the 350-seat Cortes, or lower house of parliament.	0
The cost of competition has become extremely high.	We must find ways to save money for the futures commission merchants who do business on our exchanges.	1
he plans to remain heavily involved in the creative product at the world-wide agency, serving as a sort of "creative conscience.	Louise McNamee, Della Femina's president, will continue running the U.S. agency day-to-day.	0
that the current regime is already communist, as are its Vietnamese overseers back in Hanoi, as are the Khmer Rouge -- who are the strongest of the three guerrilla groups.	It's not clear which crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government, but the one good bet is that the non-communists would disappear.	1
And the Japanese are likely to keep close on Conner's heels.	They are going to catch up.	0
no single influence was greater than Mr. Whitten.	A master of pork-barrel politics, he had crafted the $2.85 billion package in vintage style and used the full force of his chairmanship to keep the proposal intact and dismiss any alternative.	1
Underwriting syndicates at Lloyd's, the world's largest insurance market, generally don't close their accounts for three years, to allow for the filing of claims and litigation.	When such claims and litigation extend beyond the period, the syndicates can extend their accounting deadlines.	0
As the news spread that the refineries were intact, crude prices plunged, ending the day at $20.56 a barrel, down 19 cents.	Gasoline for November delivery was off 1.26 cents a gallon to 54.58 cents.	0
But some traders thought there was less to the rally than met the eye.	There is no strength behind this rally," asserted Chung Lew, head trader at Kleinwort Benson North America.	0
In March, N M Rothschild in London and Rothschild Bank in Zurich showed assets of #4.1 billion ($6.51 billion) and 1.26 billion Swiss francs ($774 million), respectively.	The Paris bank doesn't publish that figure.	0
that congressionally imposed restrictions on covert actions made U.S. support for such coups difficult.	that one Reagan-era deal with Congress required him to notify the odious Panamanian dictator, Manuel Noriega, if the U.S. learned of a coup plot that might endanger his life.	0
He has too readily swallowed the case for the activist law school culture.	Probing more deeply into the doctrine of "judicial restraint," he would have found a long history going back to the great decisions of Justice Holmes.	0
The counter-argument is that if he and his fellow Democrats are successful in killing the president's proposal, the revenue gap will open up tremendously in 1990 because of the weakened economy.	there would be no serious consideration of tax increases.	1
It's currently forced to turn away many potential subscribers beyond the 13,000 who can be accommodated in its present digs.	For all the attention that Chicago theater has received during the past decade, not one new building has been devoted to it.	0
Three other major U.S. banks posted earnings increases.	Wells Fargo & Co. of San Francisco posted a 17% jump..PNC Financial Corp., the parent of Pittsburgh National Bank, reported net income climbed 9.8%, while net for Banc One Corp. of Columbus, Ohio, grew 3.8%.	0
Rowland, meanwhile, has expanded aggressively, and now ranks as the fifth-largest U.S. public relations firm, according to O'Dwyer's Directory of Public Relations Firms.	It would be attractive to an agency such as Interpublic, one of the few big agency groups without an affiliated public relations firm of its own.	1
Mr. Ridley hinted at this motive in answering questions from members of Parliament after his announcement.	He said he was giving up the golden share "to clear the way so the playing field is level between all contestants.	0
John Blodgett agrees -- and he ought to know.	He used to be a boiler-room salesman, peddling investments in oil and gas wells and rare coins.	1
Ben earns any fees sent directly to charity and is taxable on them.	of course, he also may take a charitable deduction for them.	0
the merger to face any regulatory hurdles.	the merger should be completed in six to nine months.	1
a steady stream of bonds was put up for sale yesterday.	investors were reacting to recent negative news on the city's finances and are nervous ahead of the Nov. 7 election.	1
Dr. Vogelstein hopes soon to isolate one on chromosome 18, also involved in colon cancer.	Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer, a researcher in Great Britain, are close to finding another gene involved with some types of colon cancer, thought to be on chromosome 5.	0
but she declined.	The agency then turned to a former backup singer for Ms. Midler who appeared in the ad and crooned what was generally considered a more than credible imitation of Ms. Midler's 1973 hit song "Do You Wanna Dance.	1
the bankruptcy court granted Lone Star Steel an extension until year end on its exclusive period to present a reorganization plan.	The 120-day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday.	0
In addition to free massages, there was free counseling, phone calls and a free shuttle bus to a health club.	The cafeteria offered donated croissants and brie for breakfast, and for dinner, pasta salad and chocolate mousse torts along with the salmon.	0
Another analyst, John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat, First Securities in Richmond, Va., recently went to a "sell" recommendation on Kellogg stock, which closed Friday at $71.75, down 75 cents, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	I don't think Kellogg can get back to 40% this year.	0
In May 1988, an ammonium perchlorate plant in Henderson owned by an American Pacific Corp. unit was leveled by a series of explosions.	After the explosion, Kerr-McGee temporarily shut down its facility just south of Las Vegas for a safety inspection.	1
he spends much time considering the possibility of a hostile takeover.	We've been listed as a candidate for so long it's not worth worrying about.	1
When Ms. Parks and her mother heard about what had happened they volunteered that they would like to give Mr. Alexander a good walloping.	he passed that along to his adversary.	0
GPA is indeed talking about leasing Western planes to Aeroflot and even about buying Soviet-built Tupolev 204s..Aer Lingus is in discussions with the Soviet carrier about a cargo venture and other possibilities.	Aer Rianta already has so many ventures with Aeroflot that its chief executive is studying Russian.	0
Using small electrical shocks applied to her feet, they were able to monitor sensory nerves.	The shocks generated nerve impulses that traveled via spine to brain and showed up clearly on a brain-wave monitor, indicating no damage to the delicate spinal tissue.	1
Public Service of New Hampshire went up 3/8 to 4.	Northeast Utilities boosted its offer to acquire the company by $400 million, to $2.25 billion.	0
This seems to be the season for revivals in Chicago.	Though the Cubs' championship season ended with the National League playoffs, a revival of the Organic Theater's production of "Bleacher Bums," a play in nine innings set in the Wrigley Field bleachers, continues within spitting distance of the ballpark.	1
Priam had a loss of $25.4 million for the fiscal year ended July 7, compared with year-earlier profit of $543,000, or two cents a share.	Revenue for the year fell 13% to $122.7 million.	0
While the pillars did have long metal bars running vertically through them for reinforcement, they apparently lacked an adequate number of metal "ties" that run horizontally through the column.	Caltrans today uses a variation of the design Mr. Parker describes, with spiraling steel rods inside.	0
The work was done properly.	Basically, we had a severe earthquake of significant duration and it was just something the structure couldn't withstand.	0
But this quake wasn't the big one, the replay of 1906 that has been feared for so many years.	Despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives, and damage estimated in the billions, most businesses and their plants and offices in the Bay area weren't greatly affected.	1
They renamed it Swiss Cantobank and are using it to expand abroad.	In 1987, Mr. Rey bested leading publishing houses to take over Switzerland's Jean Frey AG, a major producer of magazines and newspapers.	0
Yet I would venture that the landscape of our country alone would justify the use of this lofty adjective.	It is the very lack of obvious drama or spectacle that sets the beauty of our land apart.	1
Mr. Breeden backed most of the provisions in a market-reform bill that the SEC brought to the subcommittee last year under then-chairman David Ruder.	The measure is expected to move through this Congress.	0
the position we've taken is reasonable.	We would stop index arbitrage when the market is under stress.	0
He rejoined his family in January 1984 and began the long struggle for justice, pressing everyone from Hanoi municipal officials to National Assembly deputies for restoration of his rights.	He and his family kept afloat by repairing bicycles, selling fruit and doing odd jobs.	0
Marc Schulman, with UBS Securities in New York, dropped his estimate of DEC's full-year net to $6.80 a share from $8.	Although overall revenues were stronger DEC "drew down its European backlog" and had flat world-wide orders overall.	1
Please don't think me unduly improper in not ascending to see my father in his deceased condition just at this moment.	You see, I know my father would have wished me to carry on just now.	1
No sophisticated professional expects economists to be right all the time.	Some smaller clients don't seem to notice his switch.	0
Anybody with a mailbox can answer that: sheer, overwhelming, mind-numbing volume.	According to the Direct Marketing Association, total direct mail -- to both businesses and consumers -- jumped 50% to 65.4 billion pieces in 1988 from five years earlier.	0
We are looking for representation we haven't had.	We've had dictation.	0
Marketers have brought this on themselves with their heavy use" of promotions.	Without some real product improvements, it's going to be difficult to win that loyalty back.	1
For the nine months, Coca-Cola Enterprises' net fell 31% to $65 million, or 39 cents a share, from $93.8 million, or 63 cents a share.	Revenue was flat at about $2.97 billion.	0
But two-thirds of all poor Americans were white.	More than half of poor families were headed by women living without men.	0
Support for the private sector has been a longstanding concern of the Bank's.	Over the years, it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the Third World through its extensive credit operations and through loans and investments by the International Finance Corp.	1
For example, the chief executive himself now pays 20% of the cost of his health benefits.	the company used to pay 100%.	0
because U.S. exports are lagging.	Since Sept. 1, about 13 million fewer bushels of U.S. soybeans have been sold overseas than for the same period last year.	0
We will only deal with clients on the phone.	We have no in-office business.	0
it will ban sex and violence from state-owned television next year.	Many programs we have now come from the West and are not suitable to our culture.	1
when the union and De Beers arranged to reopen negotiations.	the company had offered to increase the minimum wage by 18%, while the union was demanding 26.6%.	0
By converting an expenditure or loan to a guarantee, the government can ensure the same flow of resources and reduce the current deficit.	Predictably, guarantees outstanding have risen by $130 billion since 1985, while direct loans outstanding have fallen by $30 billion.	1
After only 11 moves for each side, the computer's position was shaky.	Greedily, it grabbed a pawn, at the cost of facing a brutal attack.	1
Analysts have predicted strong pent-up demand for the new line among Digital's customers.	Large Digital buyers say the new VAX will let them stay with Digital when they need the power of a mainframe, instead of turning to IBM.	1
Recruited from New York University's MBA program, he rose within two years to head of production, overseeing such films as "The Way We Were," "Taxi Driver," "Tommy" and "Shampoo.	In 1976, he teamed up with record producer Neil Bogart in Casablanca Records and Filmworks -- later called Polygram Pictures -- where they produced such hits as as "The Deep," and "Midnight Express.	0
How the hell can you live with yourself?.	You twist people's trust.	1
The agents will make more than routine inquiries about such items as marital status and dependents.	they want to look at living standards and business assets.	1
In Delaware Chancery Court litigation, Telerate has criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate's management expects the company's revenue to increase by 20% annually, while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate's performance on a 12% revenue growth forecast.	In the tender offer supplement, Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20% growth rate "as a hoped-for goal" of Telerate's management "and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company's likely future performance.	1
NEW ENGLAND CRITICAL CARE Inc. offered $35 million in convertible subordinated debentures through Morgan Stanley & Co. and Prudential-Bache Capital Funding.	The debentures, due in 2014, have a coupon of 7 3/4%, payable semiannually.	0
the conference agreement is laced with veterans' hospitals, environmental projects and urban grants designated for specific communities.	The most striking example yesterday may have been in community development funds.	0
When his Seventh Avenue fur business here was flying high 20 years ago, Jack Purnick had 25 workers and a large factory.	Now his half-dozen employees work in an eighth-floor shop that he says is smaller than his old storage room.	0
Moreover, the U.S. can expect more competition from low-cost producing Pacific Rim and Latin American countries.	A Taiwanese steelmaker recently announced plans to build a Nucor-like plant.	0
That's not fair.	they're not all fat.	1
A good half-hour into breakfast at the Palmer House, Mr. O'Brien looks up from his plate after Mr. Straszheim says something about people who believe interest rates are about to nosedive.	I'm one of them who hope they will, with $6 billion in debt on the books.	0
but he's too choked up to get the words out.	He bangs on the piece of paper in frustration, then turns and walks away.	1
The ghost of the Soviet brigade discovered in Cuba back in the '70s costs just a few hundred million: the price of the Caribbean Command in Key West that President Carter created in 1980.	The brigade hasn't been heard from since, but we keep the staff around just in case.	1
Management and unions representing 2,400 employees at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star reached a tentative contract agreement Friday, averting a strike by most employees of Canada's largest daily newspaper.	Members of the largest union, representing 1,700 workers, voted in favor of the pact yesterday.	0
Both Colgate and Procter & Gamble have received big orders for toothpaste, soap and detergents.	it is planning to ship some $500 million of consumer goods, financed by bank credits, in the first few months of next year.	0
Workers at Peugeot S.A.'s car plant at Sochaux, in eastern France, voted to end a six-week-old strike that has cost the Peugeot group production of 60,000 automobiles.	The strikers voted to accept a series of management proposals that will give them a higher basic wage, better profit-sharing benefits and bigger annual bonuses.	0
The news hasn't exactly moved others in Mr. McDonough's profession to become architectural Johnny Appleseeds.	All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work but we can't all carry it to that extreme.	1
I love Pilson, but he was the guy who complained most bitterly and loudly," says Robert Wussler, a former CBS Sports president. "And yet his company is one reason why rights are so high today.	Rivals carp at "the principle of Pilson," as NBC's Arthur Watson once put it -- "he's always expounding that rights are too high, then he's going crazy.	0
The stocks of computer-related companies located outside California improved, too.	Microsoft advanced 1 7/8 to 80 1/2.	0
It's one more, too, for the fans who dream of a season that never ends.	I feel like a little kid," says a gleeful Alex de Castro, a car salesman, who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed.	0
but Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal blocked him.	Now his ghost won't let up till it's done.	1
it holds 22.8 million ordinary shares.	it is prepared to make a bid for all of the shares outstanding of Jaguar if British government restrictions to such a transaction are removed.	0
Lloyd's overblown bureaucracy also hampers efforts to update marketing strategies.	Some underwriters have been pressing for years to tap the low-margin business by selling some policies directly to consumers.	0
to point out the extraordinarily high visibility of non-violent civil disobedience in these days of intensive media coverage.	Give television a chance to cover live any breaking of the law, and no second invitation will be required.	0
In the neighborhoods with the highest crime rates, small business generally relies on the public police force for protection.	This creates several problems.	1
But as you may know, things are not going well for Violetta.	There are times when she must show a little emotion.	1
that we had been aiming at the wrong target.	President Reagan was simply doing what he had always done before his election.	1
Mr. Edelman said the decision "has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman.	Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint.	0
the suits against him are less a measure of his work than they are a "sign of the times" in which people generally are more prone to sue.	anybody in the industry who hasn't experienced litigation.	0
First Union, with assets of about $32 billion, said it was disappointed by the delay but said it would cooperate with regulatory authorities.	The bank added that it believes the review will "demonstrate that First Union is in compliance with the requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act.	0
Yet the best the far-left could do was not enough to deter the biggest voting bloc -- nearly 40% -- from endorsing the direction Spain is taking.	Now he can go further.	1
Pioneer surged 450 yen ($3.16) to 6,050 yen ($42.60).	Kyocera advanced 80 yen to 5,440.	0
I'm surprised they're doing this.	I would be very leery of anything that says if you drink more, you get more.	1
But the two groups have something very important in common: They are both havens for scared money, stocks for people who hate stocks.	It's as if investors, the past few days, are betting that something is going to go wrong -- even if they don't know what.	1
Ideally he wants to get backing from a Japanese department store and a European department store to forge a global retailing network.	When you look at the economics, Traub needs a Japanese and a European partner to make it work.	1
and whether the infringement was "willful and deliberate.	If so, the damages could be tripled.	1
Distribution centers are bombed, and advertisers are intimidated.	Censorship is imposed by terrorism.	0
that showed them to be among the most intriguing bodies in the solar system.	The photos showed active geysers on Io spewing sulfurous material 190 miles into its atmosphere and indicated that Europa may have an ocean hidden under a thick sheet of ice.	0
First Interstate took a huge $350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank.	It charged off an estimated $200 million of Arizona loans, leaving the unit with a reserve for future losses of $255 million, about 61% of its $416 million of troubled loans and repossessed real estate.	0
Prospect Street High Income Portfolio, for instance, now holds about 15% in cash and equivalents, nearly quintuple the amount it held earlier this year.	the fund, which is 40% leveraged, has maintained a "substantial cushion" between its borrowing costs and the yields of the portfolio's bonds.	0
The packaged-goods marketers may try filling that gap with a spate of new products.	Unlike the old-line cosmetics houses, Unilever and P&G both have enormous research and development bases to draw on for new products.	1
it's a good idea to jump between the S&P 500 stocks and futures.	You're buying the S&P, and you always want to hold the cheapest form of it.	1
You can't give it up that easily.	I tried.	0
The Senate, after deleting Section 89 repeal from its deficit-reduction bill, still is expected to join the House in voting to kill the law, which forces companies to provide comparable benefits to laborers and executives alike.	In lobbying on other health-coverage topics, the National Federation of Independent Business will press for legislation that would give self-employed people a 100% tax deduction for their own health plans, up from 25% currently.	0
Only one in four companies with flexible benefit plans lets workers buy or sell vacation days.	Employees like the option but firms say it's too tough to run.	1
Italy's Supreme Court this year ordered Parliament to write a law that will regulate media ownership.	that it's going to be far more favorable to own a station before the law is passed than to try to buy one afterward.	1
Compared to the Red Delicious, the exemplar of apple pulchritude, the Fuji is decidedly more dowdy -- generally smaller, less-perfectly shaped, greenish, with tinges of red.	To hear most U.S. growers tell it, we'd still be in Paradise if the serpent had proffered one to Eve.	0
Maybe I'll plant castor-oil seeds.	His brother, Parkhaji, whose head is swathed in a gorgeous crimson turban, nods vigorous assent.	0
the decision was based on a long-term analysis of the compatibility of Wheeler Group's marketing business with other Pitney Bowes operations.	Pitney Bowes acquired the core of what evolved into Wheeler Group in 1979 by buying Dictaphone Corp.	0
It is only logical to assume that the enactment of this provision will lead to increased litigation.	In an already low-profitmargin business, commodity brokerage firms may well decide to eliminate the risk and expense of dealing with the retail public, depriving the private individual of access to the markets.	1
These systems are more rugged than many people would believe.	It's not the end of the world if you shake them up a little bit.	1
The issue is far-reaching.	Right now, the American populace is spending about 12% of our gross national product on health care.	1
What tongue to speak is an emotional mine field in the Philippines.	It is entrenched in the country's colonial bonds to the U.S., in Philippine class structure, in the regional loyalties of its people and in its island geography.	0
There's too much capacity.	there's anyone not building one.	1
that the stock market remains fragile and volatile a few days after its shocking 190.58-point plunge.	Nervous investors continued to limit their buying to blue-chip stocks while dumping takeover-related issues.	1
The Hart-Scott filing is then reviewed and any antitrust concerns usually met.	Typically, Hart-Scott is used now to give managers of target firms early news of a bid and a chance to use regulatory review as a delaying tactic.	0
Nearly 10 years ago, representatives of service-sector companies worked out a plan with the Commerce Department to improve the data on service-sector exports.	Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports were not being counted as exports.	1
These days Nissan can afford that strategy, even though profits aren't exactly robust.	Nissan had record net income of 114.63 billion yen ($868 million) in the fiscal year ended last March 31, a remarkable recovery from the 20.39 billion yen of two years earlier, when the company lost money on operations.	1
and traced it to a user named "Hunter," who had no valid billing address.	Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers.	1
Separately, for the first nine months, Soo Line reported a loss of $398,000, or four cents a share, compared with net income of $12.5 million, or $1.32 a share, a year earlier.	Revenue fell 5.8% to $407.9 million from $433.2 million.	0
that they had no inkling of anything amiss in Ebensburg.	Nobody told us.	1
The guy hasn't done one thing about prevention.	He's totally geared to a punitive position.	0
With talk today of a second economic miracle in West Germany, East Germany no longer can content itself with being the economic star in a loser league.	Without Moscow's military and party behind it, East Germany runs the risk of disintegrating.	1
there is little to motivate gold traders to buy the metal.	Investors in the U.S. and Europe are comfortable with the actions of the {Federal Reserve} in its willingness to supply liquidity to financial system.	1
The Israeli and Soviet national airlines have reached preliminary agreement for launching the first direct flights between Tel Aviv and Moscow.	El Al director Rafi Har-Lev and top officials of the Soviet Union's Aeroflot negotiated a preliminary pact in Moscow this week.	0
The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties with health-care businesses -- or lose their government money.	Among other concerns researchers with business ties are more likely to falsify findings in order to tout new drugs.	1
One way out of that dilemma could be a partial recapitalization in which the pilots would wind up sharing the value of their concessions with public shareholders.	The pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions, using the proceeds to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking.	0
As president, Mr. Lung, 42 years old, succeeds his father, Mervin D. Lung, 66, who founded the company in 1959.	Mervin Lung remains chairman and chief executive officer.	0
that its mail rooms there simply stopped delivering it.	Now, thousands of mailers, catalogs and sales pitches go straight into the trash.	1
that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year.	the move toward standard operating systems means customers aren't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down.	1
The energy, natural resources and railroad concern had net of $137.4 million, or $1.35 a share, down from $165 million, or $1.44 a share, a year earlier.	In the 1988 third quarter, profit from continuing operations totaled $140.1 million.	0
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers.	Fujitsu itself, which said the bid hadn't been approved by its headquarters, was clearly embarrassed.	0
It would also help us in our search for equity partners.	To make an LBO work, now we are going to need more than just junk bonds.	1
Norfolk Southern went up 1 1/8 to 37 7/8.	The company's board approved the repurchase of up to 45 million common shares, or about 26% of its shares outstanding, through the end of 1992.	1
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns, militant gestures, accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics.	Civilized discourse and an environment where compromise can begin are lost in a hostile posture abetted by superficial media interviews.	1
The Environmental Protection Agency is getting a lot out of the Superfund program.	Of the $4.4 billion spent so far on the program, 60% is going for administrative costs, management and research.	1
Mr. Canelo of Bear Stearns agrees.	If we do have an economic slowdown companies with high debt ratios will be dumped en masse.	0
but, according to Mr. Cleveland, a former UPS employee, and others, union work rules prohibit UPS drivers from doing more than carrying packages between customers and their vans.	Because UPS drivers aren't permitted to load their own vehicles at the depot packages often get buried in the load and are delivered late.	1
Jaguar seems to be losing interest in giving GM a minority stake It wouldn't surprise me if {Jaguar executives} want to wait and see what the color of that {Ford bid} is" first.	Ford officials will meet with Jaguar executives in the next week to outline their proposed offer.	1
With most legislatures adjourned for the year, small business is tallying its scorecard.	Much of its attention was spent fighting organized labor's initiatives on issues the small-business community traditionally opposes -- from raising state minimum wage levels to mandating benefits in health plans.	0
But the junk recovery was precarious.	No trading existed for the vast majority of junk bonds.	1
That is a minimum figure, and I underscore minimum.	It's impossible to put an exact figure on it at this time.	1
the verdict would not discourage other plaintiffs from filing such suits.	Scientists are only beginning to understand what causes sick-building syndrome and much of that research was unavailable when the Beebes filed the case.	1
The networks are paying too much for rights.	If they ask advertisers to absorb the costs, they're likely to lose all but a few who need sports, above all.	1
Jonathan Lloyd, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Qintex Entertainment, said Qintex Entertainment was forced to file for protection to avoid going into default under its agreement with MCA.	The $5.9 million payment was due Oct. 1 and the deadline for default was Oct. 19.	1
he uses fill-or-kill orders almost exclusively when trading options.	I like to use them to feel out the market.	1
that "it reserves the right to take any action to protect its rights as a member of the syndicate.	the company hadn't decided what measures to take, but didn't rule out legal action.	0
Jim Beam print ads, however, strike different chords in different countries.	In Australia, land of the outback, a snapshot of Jim Beam lies on a strip of hand-tooled leather.	0
that he hoped to sign a general trade agreement with the U.S., possibly at the 1990 summit.	a trade agreement would give them Most-Favored Nation status, which would lower the tariffs on Soviet exports to the U.S.	1
Like Mr. Brown, they sometimes go to surprising lengths to meet that overarching corporate goal: delivering the goods on time.	They are a tribute to Federal's management which, since the company's founding 16 years ago, has had its way with its work force -- an unusual feat in the contentious transportation industry.	0
I quit after one try, whether I win or lose.	I'm done in two minutes.	1
The deficit was 466 billion lire in August.	For the first nine months, the trade deficit was 14.933 trillion lire, compared with 10.485 trillion lire in the year-earlier period.	0
If the price of the stock declines, the put will increase in value.	Once the stock price is less than the exercise price, or "strike price," of the put, the gain will match the loss on the stock dollar for dollar.	0
After NBC weather man Willard Scott broadcast the hot-line number, it was flooded with 10,000 calls.	Last week, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce began using its national TV show to seek help, such as equipment, for business owners.	0
After two mistrials, the stakes in the stock manipulation trial of GAF Corp. and its vice chairman, James T. Sherwin, have changed considerably.	The first two GAF trials were watched closely on Wall Street because they were considered to be important tests of the government's ability to convince a jury of allegations stemming from its insider-trading investigations.	0
used instead of mazes of wiring to interconnect other telecommunications equipment.	This cuts down greatly on labor.	1
Disabled Americans have had their civil rights guaranteed in all federally funded programs since Section 504 was passed as a part of the 1973 Rehabilitation Act.	The 1989 act simply extends these guarantees to the private sector.	0
But Capital Supervisors sold the last of its H&R Block holdings earlier this year.	They're thrashing around for diversification.	1
The government is funding several projects to push PC use.	Over the next three years, public schools will get 1.5 million PCs, a 15-fold increase from current levels.	1
When notoriously independent-minded Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier rejected Paribas's offer and began buying Paribas shares in retaliation he felt obliged to bid for control.	that Mr. Fournier was preparing to buy as much as 20% of Paribas, up from less than 5% currently.	1
Step 1 cleans up our books.	Our five-year plan contains three accounting devices -- negative money, an above guidance management reserve and optimistic inflation estimates -- which understate the spending the Pentagon has committed itself to by almost $100 billion.	1
But Texas Air, the owner of Continental and Eastern airlines, bucked the group's decline by rising 7/8 to 14 5/8 in American Stock Exchange trading.	it is ahead of schedule in resuming its operations after filing earlier this year for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.	1
The first is Wednesday's survey of purchasing managers, considered a good indicator of how the nation's manufacturing sector fared in October..The other is Friday's measure of October employment, an indicator of the broader economy's health.	Both are expected to show continued sluggishness, which would be good for bonds and bad for stocks.	0
An assassin in Colombia killed a federal judge on a Medellin street.	An anonymous caller to a local radio station said cocaine traffickers had slain the magistrate in retaliation for the extraditions of Colombians wanted on drug charges in the U.S.	0
Catastrophe losses reduced Aetna's net income by $50 million, including $36 million from Hugo.	Last year catastrophe losses totaled $5 million, when net was $235.5 million, or $2.07 a share.	0
They, or at least something less efficient than today's thin-walled units, may soon be making a comeback.	That something, whatever it is, could add as much as $100 to the $600 or so consumers now pay for lower-priced refrigerators.	0
Ford officials will seek a meeting this week with Sir John to outline their proposal for a full bid.	Any discussions with Ford could postpone the Jaguar-GM deal, headed for completion within the next two weeks.	1
So far anyway, our alien visitors seem more intent on brightening our skies than pulverizing us.	Mr. Good devotes much serious space to the events of Feb. 25, 1942, when American gunners spotted strange lights in the sky above Los Angeles.	0
The figures today add further evidence to support the view that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has essentially stalled out at a level of about a $110 billion annual rate.	That's still an improvement over last year, but it leads one to conclude that basically we've gotten all the mileage we can out of past dollar depreciation and past marginal cuts in the federal budget deficit.	1
We were being overrun.	Two years ago, the district decided to limit the bikes to fire roads in its 65,000 hilly acres.	1
Meanwhile, competition from rivals unencumbered by history is intensifying.	Lloyd's is being squeezed out of low-margin but more consistently profitable product lines such as primary property and marine insurance.	0
Campbell-Mithun-Esty, for example, has had big problems at its New York office, but offers strong offices in other areas of the country, including Minneapolis and Chicago.	That would would make it appealing to a network such as Interpublic that already has a healthy New York presence.	1
some purists look down on it.	Linda Aldridge, who does full-body work in Pittsburgh, says that while on-site massage is better than nothing, tired workers should realize it is only the tip of the iceberg.	0
Such a pace of growth, though respectable for mature industrialized economies, would be unusually slow for Hong Kong.	Only twice since the 1960s has annual gross domestic product growth here fallen below 5% for two or more consecutive years.	1
Athens with Spartan means.	The fund's lawyers work in an Athenian grove of potted trees.	0
it plans to shut down or sell its Rapatee coal mine and will end its involvement in southern Illinois strip mining.	that it is discussing a management-employee buy-out of the facility, but that it would stop mining and selling coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire, regardless of the outcome of those talks.	0
The ball he hit wasn't a strike.	If it had been, he mighta hit it out.	0
It is an admirable public relations program initiated by a single political leader during a four-year blink of history.	It is public relations of the highest sophistication, that recognizes that credibility is enhanced by honesty -- up to a point.	0
Half the amount that the investment tables suggest might be a good goal.	That way, parents will reduce borrowings and outlays from current income when the time comes to pay tuition.	1
A lot of people are getting hurt on this wicked whipsawing.	There should be no great rush for investors to buy this.	1
I demand the utmost severity in the fight against drug traffickers.	Banks must open their books.	1
Other nations aren't sure how many weapons they have in their own arsenals.	It's just going to be sloppy, both on our side and theirs {the Warsaw Pact's}.	1
When the Germans lost World War I, they lost Namibia to South Africa and the diamonds to Ernest Oppenheimer, patriarch of Anglo American Corp. and De Beers.	Today, no one gets in or out of the restricted area without De Beers's stingy approval.	1
Several phone calls and a visit to his broker's office later, the dentist found out that the $9,000 drop represented the current value of the premium he paid when he bought the CD, and that the amount wasn't insured.	This is one thing I was never aware of.	0
Maybe he didn't start it, but Mohandas Gandhi certainly provided a recognizable beginning to non-violent civil disobedience as we know it today.	The Mahatma, or "great souled one," instigated several campaigns of passive resistance against the British government in India.	1
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76.	Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index, up 7.55 to 475.35, and the Utility Index, up 8.68 to 730.37.	0
that the company hasn't been able to get the product on the shelves of some mass-merchandise, discount retailers that it had hoped would be carrying the product already.	the film, One Film, is currently carried at about 15,000 retail outlets, including drugstores and supermarkets.	0
Mr. Volokh was fired from his job, and had to endure hours of organized verbal abuse from his co-workers, accusations of sabotage and counterrevolutionary activities.	The Volokhs were afraid that they'd end up like a friend of theirs who'd applied for a visa and waited for 10 years, having been demoted from his profession of theoretical mathematician to shipping clerk.	0
he uses it to track takeover developments.	he told NewsEdge to look for stories containing such words as takeover, acquisition, acquire, LBO, tender, merger, junk and halted.	0
If corporate bonds are bad in recessions, junk bonds are likely to be the worst of all.	It's an "absolute necessity" to get out of junk bonds when a recession is in the offing.	1
This interest in words goes beyond puns and playfulness, however.	Mr. Gelbart deplores the obfuscation, the circumlocution and the debasement of language he sees on all sides.	1
Poland makes no machinery for a plant on that scale.	Solidarity wants it from the West.	1
If Mr. Dozen has a weakness, it may be his golf game.	He digs in the sand instead of hitting the ball, like a farmer.	1
they are generally stable in Europe.	A decline may come in the first half of 1990 but the market doesn't appear on the verge of a severe downturn.	1
This is dangerous and misrepresents Abbie's life.	It's a sensational piece about someone who is not here to defend himself.	1
Mechanized vacuum cleaners probe the sand like giant anteaters.	a whirring ferris wheellike excavator, with buckets instead of seats, chews through layers of compacted sand.	0
Share prices on the Frankfurt stock exchange closed sharply lower in thin dealings as worried investors remained idle as the result of two potentially destabilizing domestic developments.	The DAX index fell 15.85 to end at 1507.37.	1
when he can no longer throw the high hard one, he throws his heart instead.	He throws something.	0
The program trading situation seems to have driven individual investors as well as others out of the market, and even Europeans are suspicious.	The exchange should take a pro-active position.	1
Borden sells considerably more whole milk than reduced-fat milks in southern and Hispanic markets.	Borden even tested a milk with 4% butterfat in the South, but decided the market was too small.	1
The U.S. did manage to supply the Dutch with oil by relabeling supplies.	once oil is shipped, no one can tell its source.	1
Trompe l'oeil painting is meant to fool the eye, but Robert Lawrence Trotter, 35, of Kennett Square, Pa., took his fooling seriously.	He painted one himself in the style of John Haberle and sold it as a 19th-century original to antique dealers in Woodbridge, Conn.	0
when the Labor Department backed away from a proposal that companies let former employees and beneficiaries -- along with active workers -- borrow against balances in 401(k) and similar savings plans.	In an advisory letter, the department said that, starting Oct. 18, loans could be limited to "parties in interest.	0
But such tactics were alien to Switzerland in 1976.	Eventually, Mr. Rey was forced to sell his Bally shares to the weapons maker Oerlikon-Buehrle Holding AG as establishment pressure grew on this hostile move into the Swiss old boys' network.	1
that GOP senators turn back roughly 10% more of their allocated personal staff budgets than Democrats do.	To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking, this indicates that political philosophy leads congressional Republicans to pay less attention to narrow constituent concerns.	1
The Pentagon is a haunted house.	Living there for six years was really scary.	1
I think inflation is going to pick up through the fall.	It has been in what I would describe as a lull for the past several months.	1
Smaller liquor companies, such as Brown-Forman Corp. and American Brands Inc. of the U.S., also are likely to be interested.	Such companies "are increasingly being left behind" in the global liquor business.	1
So far, this list doesn't change our view.	Israel wants to end the dialogue, but our analysts take a different view than theirs.	0
The Marina rescue center offered a very San Franciscan response to the disaster.	In addition to free massages, there was free counseling, phone calls and a free shuttle bus to a health club.	0
So the Federal Reserve is an attractive target for complaint by politicians.	The Fed is easily assigned the blame for unpleasantness, like high interest rates or slow economic growth, while the politicians can escape responsibility by pointing to the Fed's independence.	1
Their ridicule of him is no substitute for argument.	Their effort to run him out of Washington is an embarrassment to the original purpose of their own movement.	0
Where's the bid.	he doesn't think Messrs..Drabinsky and Gottlieb are "anywhere close" to arranging financing.	0
This month, Federal's 2,048 pilots, including some 961 acquired along with Tiger International Inc. in February, will decide whether to elect the powerful Air Line Pilots Association as their bargaining agent.	The election, which would bring the first major union to Federal's U.S. operations, has pitted new hires against devoted veterans such as Mr. Brown.	1
On a number of occasions he tried to get Warner to buy Guber Peters outright.	They always listened, but they never acted.	0
At a recent trade show, convention-goers lined up to view a new Specialized bike frame that weighs just 2.7 pounds -- a pound less than the lightest mountain-bike frame on the market.	By replacing the frame's steel lugs with titanium ones, Mr. Sinyard's company plans to make its next generation of frames even lighter.	0
Analysts were disappointed that Digital's new line apparently won't contribute much to earnings before the next fiscal year.	Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. said he may cut his earnings estimate for the current fiscal year because he had expected at least some mainframe profit this year.	0
His policies went beyond his control and resulted . . . in riots and disturbances" and later a renewed campaign of civil disobedience "resulted in rioting and a second imprisonment.	I am not a proponent of everything Gandhi did, but some of his law breaking was justified because India was then under occupation by a foreign power, and Indians were not able to participate fully in decisions that vitally affected them.	0
People are fearful and sensitive.	Everybody's finger is one inch closer to the button.	1
That culture, carefully crafted by Mr. Smith, leaves little, if any, room for unions.	Since founding the company, the charismatic Vietnam vet has fostered an ethos of combat.	0
When that happened, "seismic" tremors of fear coursed through the market and increased the market's volatility.	Lack of important, needed information can cause fear.	1
that at one point he did indeed have eight or nine of the paintings at home and that the rest were in storage at Sotheby's.	that he was "merely storing the paintings at home -- with some display -- because of the special dehumidified environment" required for their safekeeping, until CenTrust's new building was ready for them.	0
Nor should the U.S. worry much about offending China.	It's time the State Department recognized that China does not play by gentlemen's rules.	1
If America can keep up the present situation -- her markets open for another 15 years, with adjustments, and Japan can grow and not cut back, and so too, Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore, ASEAN, Australia and New Zealand -- then in 15 years, the economies of these countries would be totally restructured to be able to almost sustain growth by themselves.	In such an arrangement, "all benefit.	1
RU-486 "probably represents a technical advance in an area where none is needed, or at least not very much," said Phillip Stubblefield, president of the National Abortion Federation, at a reproductive health conference in 1986.	Many physicians have expressed concern over the heavy bleeding, which occurs even if the drug fails to induce an abortion.	0
BankAmerica eased 1/2 to 31 7/8 and Wells Fargo lost 1/2 to 81 1/2.	the two bank holding companies were forced to curtail some operations due to the temblor.	1
The executive producer of "Saturday Night With Connie Chung," Andrew Lack, declines to discuss re-creactions as a practice or his show, in particular.	I don't talk about my work.	0
It's really bizarre.	Chivas has an image of something you would savor, rather than guzzle.	1
or a 12-story-high condom.	The condom balloon was denied official entry status this year.	0
It is clear that most of the effect of increasing education has been to shift who is helping the wife/mother.	Her share decreases, but only slightly.	1
A friend mentioned that she might want to look into a position at Aetna, if she was interested in a job that would constantly challenge her.	She signed up.	1
Now Republican leaders are concentrating on attaching a capital-gains amendment to some other bill.	To help lay the groundwork for that fight, President Bush plans early next week to meet at the White House with some 20 Democratic senators who favor cutting the capital-gains tax or are undecided on the issue.	1
The stock market is certainly not too big for the Fed to handle.	The foreign-exchange and government securities markets are vastly larger.	1
Their 85 total bases broke a record for a four-game set, and their nine home runs tied one..Eight Oakland players hit homers, with centerfielder Dave Henderson getting two, both on Friday.	Rickey Henderson, the do-everything leadoff man, had nine hits and set or tied four-game Series marks for triples (2) and stolen bases (3).	0
Since then, deliveries have slumped.	GM's car sales dropped 24.8% in mid-October to 69,980, while truck sales fell 26% to 37,860.	0
the thieves seem to be part of a crime network that knows how to convert blank tickets into real ones.	Already, the stolen tickets have been used for flights all over the world.	1
The government and the ANC, the bitterest of enemies, are engaged in an elaborate mating dance designed to entice each other to the negotiating table.	Pretoria releases the ANC leaders, most of whom were serving life sentences, and allows them to speak freely, hoping that the ANC will abandon its use of violence.	1
New technologies are changing the way we deal with each other and the way we work.	Our expectation of confidentiality is being eroded.	1
James River, a maker of pulp, paper and plastic products, already has interests in tissue businesses in France, Spain, Italy and Turkey.	it plans to form European ventures with Italian and Finnish companies.	0
Some business analysts blame the problem on tough competition in the insurance market.	insurance companies use policies aimed at excluding bad risks because their competitors do.	0
The 12-bed "cooperative care" unit is one of about 18 nationwide where a family member or friend helps care for a patient in the hospital.	The philosophy is to make the patient and the family very responsible for a portion of their own care.	0
For example, Nissho Iwai Corp., one of the biggest Japanese trading houses, now buys almost twice as many goods from China as it sells to that country.	Three years ago, the ratio was reversed.	0
So far, the victims are officially considered evil-doers, and their families receive no compensation.	A man gunned down by a stray bullet while cycling to work carries, after his death, the official stigma of "counterrevolutionary.	0
Tolstoy's characters eat, Pushkin's, Gogol's.	In her cookbook, which Macmillan is bringing out in soft cover this month (with the blini recipe revised so it works), she introduces each chapter with appropriate quotations from Russian literature: Pushkin on blini, Goncharov on piroghi.	0
Property Capital had told shareholders it expected to distribute at least $21 a share, or $229 million, in a liquidation, based on an expected asset sale price of $290 million or more.	it didn't receive an offer it wanted to accept.	0
The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration and drove many veteran oil men and companies out of the business also played havoc with the nation's inflation rate, the trade deficit and oil users' corporate and personal budgets.	Now, at least some predictability has returned, for everyone from economists to motorists.	0
Eager engineers espouse direct-steelmaking and direct casting, which by the end of the 1990s will enable production without coke ovens and blast furnaces.	Those massive structures effectively locked out all but deep-pocketed giants from steelmaking.	0
Instead, an appropriate institution should be charged with the job of preventing chaos in the market: the Federal Reserve.	The availability of timely assistance -- of a backstop -- can help markets retain their resilience.	1
Logic plays a minimal role here.	More important are what LSI calls "psychological anchors" -- a few focal points calculated to appeal to the jury on a gut level.	0
I demand the utmost severity in the fight against drug traffickers.	Banks must open their books.	1
For rival liquor companies, the Whitbread auction is a rare opportunity to acquire valuable brands.	It's not very often something like this comes up.	1
The Watts mall has annual sales of more than $350 per leasable square foot.	the figure for a comparable suburban shopping center would be $200.	0
in a splashy ad campaign launched in the summer of 1988, Merrill Lynch urged investors to buy bonds.	It said long-term interest rates, then above 9%, could drop to 7% by the end of 1989, so bonds, which benefit from falling rates, would be a good buy.	0
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network.	Dow Jones, which owns 67% of Telerate, publishes The Wall Street Journal, Barron's magazine, community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases.	0
A year earlier, Ford reported record net of $856.3 million, or $1.78 a share, on revenue of $20.38 billion.	In the latest nine months, Ford earned $3.52 billion, or $7.51 a share, compared with $4.14 billion, or $8.53 a share.	0
The private, non-profit cemetery has had trouble competing against its for-profit counterparts, which use direct mail and other advertising to sell lots.	We don't want to be known as ambulance chasers.	1
Mr. Mengistu is in an increasingly weak position.	Half his army is tied down defending the northern city of Asmara from the Eritreans.	1
We badly need to follow fact rather than the rhetoric of conventional wisdom.	Without this basic level of attention to reality, our policies on Cuba will continue to be as counterproductive as they have for 30 years.	1
that a mere 2% drop in ozone would increase birth defects and mutations by allowing solar radiation to alter the DNA structure.	Even a small reduction is unacceptable and to suggest otherwise is penny-wise and pound-foolish.	1
its new CCD HDTV converter will help alleviate the problem by allowing programmers and broadcasters to convert movies and television programs shot in 35mm motion-picture film into high-definition video.	Consumers will be able to switch on their HDTV sets and get all the viewing benefits the high-tech medium offers.	1
The book also recounts the not dissimilar maneuvers surrounding the changing of the guard at Lehman Bros. and other grand old firms.	Often the genteel, conservative, long-term-oriented investment bankers were displaced by crude traders.	0
that his predicting continued volatility is just "how the world is.	If bringing the message is a crime, I'm guilty of it.	1
the charges will result in a full-year after-tax loss.	Last year, the company had net income of $117.3 million, or $1.30 a share.	0
It was also at Juilliard that Mr. McDuffie discovered his predilection for conservative, 20th-century American composers such as David Diamond and Samuel Barber.	After winning a school competition with a performance of the latter's "Violin Concerto," Mr. McDuffie was invited to play the work for the composer, who was dying of cancer.	0
The Kennedy amendment would, in effect, legislate around the Supreme Court ruling.	Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death-penalty appeals.	1
Yesterday's sluggish action was in marked contrast to the rearing and plunging of stock prices Tuesday after the proposed buy-out of UAL Corp. once again collapsed.	the stock market's lurching moves have prompted many investors to head for the sidelines until it regains some semblance of stability.	1
Jaguar was boosted 21 to 715 on follow-through buying after Ford Motor's announcement Tuesday that it might be prepared to mount a full bid for the U.K. luxury auto maker.	It was further helped by Ford, which announced after London's close that it had raised its stake to 12% from just under 11% on Tuesday.	0
I tell people it's the groundup bones of saints.	I sprinkle a little around and tell the demons to leave.	0
that early signs point to improved earnings and revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 1990.	The current backlog of orders is strong throughout the corporation.	0
John J. Crabb sold 4,500 shares for $11.13 each.	He received $50,085.	1
for the firm, the liquidation was sentence first, verdict later.	Prosecutors wanted $23.8 million in forfeiture for alleged tax fraud of some $400,000.	1
The National Broadcasting Co., a unit of General Electric Co., had its record-breaking 68-week reign as the prime-time ratings leader snapped yesterday by ABC-TV, a subsidiary of Capital Cities/ABC Inc.	In the ratings compiled by the A.C. Nielsen Co., ABC, which broadcast the World Series, topped the competition with a 14.8 rating and 25 share.	0
Mr. Guber got his start in the movie business at Columbia two decades ago.	Recruited from New York University's MBA program, he rose within two years to head of production, overseeing such films as "The Way We Were," "Taxi Driver," "Tommy" and "Shampoo.	0
Because the exchange's computer was rerouting orders to the exchange's trading operations in Los Angeles, "business is as usual.	If one city is down, the other can take over.	1
For instance, tired flight attendants might not react quickly enough during an emergency evacuation.	At the end of their day, they are zombies.	1
Vandenberg and Rayburn are heroes of mine.	They allowed this country to be credible.	1
Daniel von Bargen is ramrod-stiff but totally assured as Major Battle, mixing just the right brand of self-righteousness and patriotism.	Jeff Weiss is fire, brimstone and teary-eyed emotionalism as the far-right senator who serves as a friendly interrogator of Major Battle.	0
British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded.	the multinational oil company was pressured by recent brokerage recommendations urging investors to switch into Shell Trading & Transport.	1
First, its position in the government is anomalous.	It has an unusual kind of independence from elected officials and still has authority over one of the most powerful of government's instruments -- the control of the money supply.	0
You want to know how a fund did when the market got hammered.	It's like kicking the tires of a car.	0
It did, shaking the apple establishment to its roots.	Now, even more radical changes seem afoot as the grand old maverick of American apples plays the role of Hiroshi Appleseed.	0
In a statement issued after the meeting, the aerospace giant said it won't increase its offer although adjustments within the proposed pay-and-benefit mix are possible.	Machinists already have rejected a proposal that called for a 4% pay increase and 8% bonus in the first year.	0
Mr. Siemienas is making a fortune.	He has bought some trendy Western clothes, and a green Mercedes with an American flag in the window.	1
that the new outlook, though still weak, doesn't justify calling a recession right now. "It's all in this handout you don't want to look at..We could still have a recession" at some point.	One of Mr. Straszheim's recurring themes is that the state of the economy isn't a simple black or white.	0
Ninety percent of Mort's old show fits into our style.	That is consumer issues.	0
For corporations, the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33% from the current top rate of 34%.	That rate would gradually decline to as little as 29% for corporate assets held for 15 years.	0
Four years ago, she was managing a film-processing shop and was totally bored.	A friend mentioned that she might want to look into a position at Aetna, if she was interested in a job that would constantly challenge her.	0
Dubbed the "Dire Emergency Supplemental to Meet the Needs of Natural Disasters of National Significance," the measure is vintage Whitten in asserting federal responsibility and in disdaining budget impediments.	Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required," the legislation reads, and the new obligations "shall not be a charge against the Budget Act, Gramm-Rudman-Hollings, or other ceilings.	1
It isn't just yuppie television.	The industry will create industrial products such as displays for work stations and medical diagnostic equipment before it acquires a mass consumer market.	1
In this market of 40 channels, sophisticated viewers and the remote control, trial isn't a guarantee of anything.	If the show ain't a killer, they're gone.	1
Cathay also is moving some of its labor-intensive data-processing operations outside Hong Kong.	Fierce bidding for young employees in Hong Kong is pushing up Cathay's labor costs by 20% a year for low-level staff, while experienced, skilled employees are leaving the colony as part of the brain drain.	1
However, unlike Messrs..Graedel and Crutzen, who are both pioneers in the study of atmospheric chemistry, Mr. Teagan has no special expertise in the area.	He is a mechanical engineer, not an atmospheric chemist.	0
On Wall Street, Merrill Lynch & Co. analyst Daniel A. Roling rates the stock "neutral" and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. lists it as a "buy.	Pegasus Gold "has been on a lot of recommended lists as a junior growth company stepping into the big leagues.	0
The machinists previously had shown themselves to be an ally to Mr. Wolf, but he lost much of his credibility with that group when he teamed up with the pilot union.	The machinists criticized the terms Mr. Wolf and management received in the buy-out.	1
It took effect after seven years of bitter debate between the Securities and Exchange Commission and traders and exchanges.	Despite warnings from such leaders as former Federal Reserve Board Chairman William McChesney Martin that unfixed commissions would undo the industry, the SEC in September 1973 said full competition must start May l, 1975.	0
Less-than-truckload companies discounted away a 4.7% rate increase implemented last April.	The carriers were competing fiercely for market share.	1
And, apparently, it is here to stay.	Richard Bernstein, senior quantitative analyst at Merrill Lynch & Co, says, "My gut feel is that we'll live with those swings for a while.	0
the legal action by the British firm "to be without merit.	that last June, the international executive committes of Deloitte and Touche agreed to a world-wide merger.	0
As matters stand, the Salinger ruling, torn from context and broadly construed, is controlling.	If an author quotes "more than minimal amounts" of unpublished copyrighted materials, as the Salinger decision had it, "he deserves to be enjoined." The courts have not defined "minimal amounts," but publishers, I understand, take it to mean about 50 words.	1
Earnings from continuing operations of the Union Pacific Resources unit almost doubled.	that higher revenue, strong crude oil prices and higher natural gas prices offset declines in production of oil, gas and plant liquids.	1
The oldest designer got to work on the dashboard.	The next level down did doors.	0
CBS News is also re-enacting the 1979 Three Mile Island nuclear accident in Middletown, Pa., with something less than a cast of thousands.	It is combing the town of 10,000 for about 200 extras.	0
Shortly after Texas Air took control of Eastern, some Machinists union supervisors received a 20% pay raise.	The pilots argued that this triggered a pay raise for them.	1
Results for the latest quarter include nonoperating items of $23.9 million, versus $8.4 million a year earlier.	Most of the expenses stem from the company's huge Mirage resort-casino scheduled to open next month along the Strip, and an April 1989 financing by units operating the downtown Golden Nugget property.	0
Catalog companies are likely to pose a bigger threat to all stores this year, particularly in December.	More than 200 catalog outfits are promoting a low-cost Federal Express service that guarantees pre-Christmas delivery of orders made by a certain date.	1
The projects already under construction will increase Las Vegas's supply of hotel rooms by 11,795, or nearly 20%, to 75,500.	By a rule of thumb of 1.5 new jobs for each new hotel room, Clark County will have nearly 18,000 new jobs.	1
But the effort is also being made to try and cause jurors not to decide things rationally.	I find it troubling.	1
These rate indications aren't directly comparable.	lending practices vary widely by location.	1
CBS is likely to spend whatever it takes to keep them.	The potential bill: more than $600 million for several seasons, an 80% jump.	0
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 climbed to $551 million, or $1.66 a share, from $400 million, or $1.18 a share, a year earlier..Per-share figures have been adjusted for a 2-for-1 stock split effective Oct. 20.	Sales increased 6% to $5.58 billion from $5.27 billion.	0
But that is not the same as saying that the Federal Reserve has other objectives.	The government has other agencies and instruments for pursuing these other objectives.	1
The year was already shaping up as a difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry.	With the exception of van conversions, the industry has seen a decline from 1988's robust sales.	1
The University of California at San Francisco is also circulating a memo among its scientific faculty that will restrict contact with the world of business.	In many other institutions, scientists are shunning contacts with venture investors until the NIH policy is settled.	0
There are an increasing number of people out there who are time-poor.	Those are primarily white-collar workers, a customer segment that has historically proved elusive for convenience stores.	0
The chart below shows why (see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 23, 1989).	The ratio of consumer installment credit to disposable income, though up a bit, hasn't climbed steeply, and such debt as a percent of household assets is little changed.	0
Though Mrs. Thatcher doesn't need to call an election until June 1992, she would prefer doing so in late 1991.	If the economy shows no sign of turning around in about year's time, she will be very vulnerable.	1
The Kidder name is one of only six or seven that every CEO recognizes as a viable alternative" when considering a merger deal.	Now, according to a Kidder World story about Mr. Megargel, all the firm has to do is "position ourselves more in the deal flow.	1
We write straight for women on their level.	We don't have passive readers.	0
British government restrictions prevent any single shareholder from going beyond 15% before the end of 1990 without government permission.	The British government, which owned Jaguar until 1984, still holds a controlling "golden share" in the company.	0
that uncertainty over when the SEC might act could worsen volatility in the markets.	that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know "precisely when and where any trading interruptions will occur and how long they will last.	0
But Beijing wants to use the base for the People's Liberation Army after 1997, when the territory returns to Chinese sovereignty.	Ke Zaishuo, head of China's delegation to a Chinese-British Liaison Committee on Hong Kong, accused Britain of trying to impose a fait accompli and said, "This is something we cannot accept.	1
New York authorities reacted with concern and even some anger to the idea of the nation's third-largest corporation leaving without giving them an opportunity to accommodate it.	We are dismayed, but there's nothing we can do about it now," said Stanley Grayson, New York City deputy mayor for finance and economic development.	0
Senate GOP leader Dole ridicules the budget chief on the Senate floor.	Democratic counterpart Mitchell, asked to interpret Darman's threat to make permanent the across-the-board Gramm-Rudman cuts that took effect this week, says, "I don't even bother to interpret them.	0
The fund was created by the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Act, which provides that the owner or operator of a vessel involved in an oil spill must pay the first $14 million in damages.	The fund is required to pay claims up to an additional $86 million.	0
Dennis Farney's Oct. 13 page-one article "River of Despair," about the poverty along the Mississippi, fanned childhood memories of when my parents were sharecroppers in southeastern Arkansas, only a few miles from the river.	Although we were white, the same economic factors affected us as affects the black people Mr. Farney writes about.	1
The Rafale project is the result of France's inability jointly to develop a plane with other countries, and French officials question whether the state can continue paying for expensive independent programs.	So far, Mr. Dassault has resisted pressure to change.	0
A case in point: "government-plus" bond funds.	What could imply more safety than investing in government bonds.	1
Democrats hoped that Mr. Dinkins could become a highly visible national leader.	Republicans figured that in Mr. Giuliani, the nation's best-known prosecutor, they had a chance for a huge upset in the heart of Democratic territory.	0
Westinghouse's own role as a supplier also is changing.	In the past, the company usually took token equity positions in power plants it supplied as a "kicker" to close deals.	1
Coca-Cola Enterprises blamed the lower volume on its soft-drink prices, which were about 3% higher in the third quarter.	Consumers have been accustomed to buying soft-drinks at discounted prices for several years.	1
The Nikkei index fell 58.97 points to 35526.55.	The index gained 99.14 points Monday.	0
In deciding whether forfeiture (and, hence, a TRO) is appropriate, the Section will consider the nature and severity of the offense.	the government's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant's crime.	1
Issues of insurance brokers were especially strong.	Marsh & McLennan advanced 3 1/8 to 75 7/8, Alexander & Alexander Services climbed 2 to 32 and Corroon & Black firmed 1 7/8 to 37 1/2.	0
The division of auto maker Ford Motor Co. made its debut in the asset-backed securities market with the second-largest issue in the market's four-year history.	The company offered securities backed by automobile loans through an underwriting group headed by First Boston Corp.	0
that at the close of business Thursday, 5,745,188 shares of Connaught and C$44.3 million face amount of debentures, convertible into 1,826,596 common shares, had been tendered to its offer.	11,580 common shares had been tendered to their offer.	0
researchers with business ties are more likely to falsify findings in order to tout new drugs.	As ties between academia and venture capital have blossomed in recent years, governmental fear of abuse has risen.	1
Thus, rather than seeing the excess returns to the pro-selected portfolio as being abnormal, I see those returns as simply compensations for taking on added risk.	the risk for each individual stock selected by your pros is very large.	1
Yet, the unassuming Mr. Corry helped chart USX's transition from Big Steel to Big Oil.	He served as Mr. Roderick's front man in tense negotiations for the 1982 purchase of Marathon Oil for $5.9 billion.	0
when the trust failed to sell a state-owned commercial bank, Associated Bank, for the minimum price of 671 million pesos ($31 million.	At the end of the month, the agency again will offer the bank.	1
A lot of taxpayers out there aren't as paranoid as one might think.	Federal and state tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation, on the basis of occupation, high income, type of income, or some other characteristic that may signal an opportunity or tendency to hide income or exaggerate deductions.	0
although he won't disclose numbers.	According to Teikoku Data Bank Ltd., which tracks company earnings, Aichi's revenue rose 15% to 49.3 billion yen ($348.4 million) in the year ended February.	0
Industrial output fell 0.1% in September, the latest sign manufacturing is slowing.	weaker capital spending and exports.	1
Chrysler "is no longer sure" of its forecast for industry car and truck sales of 14.2 million in the 1990 model year.	Consumers are balking at higher prices on 1990 cars.	1
His comments were interpreted as a sign that higher interest rates are possible.	On Oct. 5, the Bundesbank raised the Lombard and discount rates by one percentage point to 8% and 6%, respectively, the highest levels in seven years.	0
Merieux, a vaccine manufacturer based in Lyon, France, is 51%-held by French state-owned Rhone-Poulenc S.A.	Ciba-Geigy is a major pharmaceutical concern based in Basel, Switzerland.	0
You don't hear much about unusual concentrations of fraud in Green Bay or Buffalo.	Con men hate snow.	1
he hopes to improve client service.	Ogilvy under the fastidious Mr. Roman gained a reputation as occasionally being high-handed in its treatment of clients, of preaching what strategy a client should -- indeed, must -- follow.	1
I don't see this as a debt reduction exercise.	It's focused on streamlining" PWA's fleet in a bid to cut training and aircraft servicing costs.	0
the fund was about half invested in government bonds on Oct. 13, and about 10% in cash.	In a downward market, bonds act better.	1
Price Co. jumped 2 1/4 to 44 on 1.7 million shares.	The wholesaler of cash and carry merchandise reported fiscal fourthquarter earnings that were better than analysts had expected.	1
Though growers can't always keep the worm from the apple, they can protect themselves against the price vagaries of any one variety by diversifying.	I've ripped out a lot of Delicious" and grafted the trees with many different shoots.	1
who both were part-time distributors of Amway products in addition to their regular jobs as sales people in other fields.	For 1984, they reported gross income of $1,647 from Amway sales, offset by expenses totaling $16,746 -- including car costs of $6,805 and travel and entertainment costs of $5,088.	0
but next year we'll be another story.	We're settling down to a less active period.	1
The suit's impact on New York may be narrow, however.	Most New York judges are elected, and the federal age-discrimination law doesn't apply to elected officials.	1
The Marina also has become the focal point of city efforts to reunite residents with any pets that may have fled or become lost during the earthquake.	On lampposts along Fillmore Street, a major Marina artery, posters were offering a $100 reward for a cat lost during the quake.	0
Those events continue to move at a rate, and in a direction, which leave informed commentary -- let alone policy -- far in their wake.	that the U.S.S.R. ignored universal human values by invading Afghanistan and, to put it bluntly, "engaged in a violation of the ABM Treaty" by building its radar station at Krasnoyarsk.	0
but was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in Congress and the administration itself.	No single bill this year includes more discretionary spending for domestic programs.	0
For employee and employer alike, the worry is widespread.	that small-business owners rank the availability and rising cost of health insurance as one of their biggest concerns.	1
Ending tax-free shopping in the European Community after 1992 could threaten more than 3,000 jobs.	Instead of banning such shopping, the confederation proposed amending controls to be sure the privilege isn't abused.	1
The consensus from the scientific community is that there is sufficient evidence to advise major policy changes.	No, we are not overreacting.	1
Another guy who thinks they're out there and closing fast is Whitley Strieber, whose new novel, "Majestic" (Putnam, 317 pages, $18.95), takes a look at a reported 1947 UFO crash near the Roswell Army Air Field in a New Mexico desert.	Mr. Strieber knows a lot about aliens.	0
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola Enterprises closed at $16.375 a share, down 62.5 cents.	PepsiCo closed at $58.50 a share, up $1.375.	0
Nissan helped develop a Tokyo restaurant with both vehicles as its design theme.	The chairs are S-Cargo seats, and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao's oversized speedometer.	0
Within weeks the unfolding Iran-Contra scandal took away Mr. Noriega's insurance policy.	The death of CIA Director William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces to gain influence.	0
For private-sector union workers, the cost of wages and benefits rose 0.9% in the third quarter.	For nonunion workers, the costs rose 1.4%.	0
In any case, he's likely to find that the more he muzzles his colleagues, the more leaks will pop up all around Washington, a lesson once learned by Henry Kissinger.	Letting officials express their own nuances can be educational.	0
it had corrected the problems and would start producing bugless chips next week.	We should not be seeing any more.	1
He has put some of his aesthetic ideas into practice with his design of the four-star Quilted Giraffe restaurant and his remodeling of Paul Stuart, the Madison Avenue clothing store.	He has designed furniture and homes as well as commercial and office space.	0
Results for the third quarter ending Oct. 31, are expected to be released the third week of November, according to Michael Dell, chairman and chief executive officer.	Mr. Dell said he doesn't expect a loss in either the third or fourth quarter, but said third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share.	0
We want people to think of Lake View as an historical park and educational experience.	A pleasant place to come and spend a few hours.	0
The rapid deterioration of the Arizona thrifts only adds to the ever-swelling cost of the government's massive thrift bailout, officially estimated at about $166 billion.	Together, the six government-controlled or essentially insolvent Arizona thrifts have tangible capital of a negative $1.5 billion, foreclosed property of $1.8 billion and pastdue loans of $1.63 billion.	1
I pull my hair back, wear a little makeup and look corporate.	If I go in there as I normally dress, they'd ask, `Who is this hippie.	1
If further experiments are successful, the work would represent a major advance in research on acquired immune deficiency syndrome.	The drug AZT, the only treatment currently on the market, claims only to help stop the spread of AIDS, not to cure it.	1
Knight-Ridder wouldn't comment on the offer.	The company has said the paper isn't for sale, and has rebuffed Mr. McMaster's earlier requests for access to Free Press financial statements.	0
Avondale was notified by Louisiana officials in 1986 that it was potentially responsible for a cleanup at an oil-recycling plant.	Avondale asked Travelers to defend it in the state proceeding, but the insurer didn't respond.	1
But its unsentimental sketches of Cairo life are vintage Mahfouz.	We see, smell and hear slums filled with "the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with abusive language, rattling coughs and the sound of people gathering spittle in their throats and spewing into the street.	1
President Bush has sworn to bring him to justice..Mr. Noriega believes he hasn't any alternative but to continue clutching to power.	It is a knock-out battle -- perhaps to the death.	1
The only frenzy I saw was commercial.	Booths selling World Series commemorative stamps and dated postmarks were besieged by fledgling speculators who saw future profit in the items.	0
But sometimes more energetic attacks are required.	To wrestle with a demon in a house owned by a Litchfield, Conn., woman, the Warrens recently called in an exorcist, the Rev. Robert McKenna, a dissident clergyman who hews to the Catholic Church's old Latin liturgy.	0
when he and two colleagues went on an overnight fishing expedition off the New Jersey shore and caught nothing.	Upon returning to New York, "Exhausted, I got into a taxicab, and the woman driver said: `Americans make better fishermen.	0
But this devastated the U.S. manufacturing sector, laying the seeds of protectionism.	Mr. Lawson, though not allowed to join the EMS, chose to "shadow" the deutsche mark.	1
The major banks haven't even reacted to sharp rises in the three-month Treasury bill rates" in the past two weeks.	Banks that adjusted payouts on CDs in the most recent week made only fractional moves.	1
But there is no solid evidence that the Khmer Rouge have changed.	Some of our sources in Thailand say the notorious old Khmer Rouge leader, Pol Pot, has been holed up this summer in Khmer Rouge camps near the Thai-Cambodian border.	0
The current transaction cost the bank approximately $140 million.	Of that amount, $20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself.	0
It is widely known within industry circles that Hess had to buy oil products in the high-priced spot markets to continue supplying its customers.	Hess declined to comment.	0
In London, the Financial Times 100-share index finished 30.1 points higher at 2112.2.	The index settled off the high of 2117.1 posted after Wall Street opened stronger.	0
No doubt many people in the CIA, the Pentagon and the National Security Council have read it.	What kind of initiative should anyone expect from people out on the line who've read all this and know what can happen if they fail.	1
As part of the same bill, the finance panel also voted in favor of billions of dollars in narrow tax breaks for individuals and corporations.	The beneficiaries would range from pineapple growers to rich grandparents to tuxedo-rental shops.	0
But the appropriations set in motion spending that adds to an already grim budget picture for fiscal 1991.	Within the appropriations process, the situation is even more difficult.	0
And they want the U.S. to help them sell overseas.	Planar President James Hurd says he has to pay tariffs as high as 15% to sell his display panels in Japan and South Korea, while panels from those countries enter the U.S. duty-free.	1
Mr. Gonzalez and his colleagues, particularly the finance minister, Carlos Solchaga, are charged with having abandoned their socialist principles and with having become arrogant elitists who refuse even to go on television (controlled by the state) to face their accusers.	In response to this, the Socialist prime minister has simply cited his free-market accomplishments.	0
Deeply ingrained in both the book review "Kissing Nature Good-bye" by Stephen MacDonald (Leisure & Arts, Sept. 27) and the books reviewed is the assumption that global warming is entirely a result of human activity.	Is such a view justified.	0
Conservative appearances make people think it's a conservative investment.	People honestly lose money on risky investments that they didn't realize were a crapshoot.	1
In his statement, Mr. Skase said preliminary accounts showed that group profit before interest, tax and depreciation "will exceed A$170 million.	He gave no further details.	0
when an investor group disclosed yesterday that it had obtained all the financing required to complete its $1.6 billion leveraged buy-out of American Medical International.	That's put some oomph back into this market.	1
Neither the Quilted Giraffe nor the Paul Stuart renovation reflects much of Mr. McDonough's environmental concern.	The restaurant was conceived as a sparkling, crystalline "geode.	0
The company made its 1990 projection in announcing improved net income for the third quarter.	Cray said it earned $30.6 million, or $1.04 a share, up 35% from $22.6 million, or 73 cents a share, a year ago.	0
In the case of HHS Secretary Louis Sullivan, the litmus test could yet damage issues important to other parts of the Republican coalition.	After Mr. Sullivan waffled on abortion last year, the White House appeased right-to-lifers by surrounding him with pro-life deputies.	1
Like Lebanon, and however unfairly, Israel is regarded by the Arab world as a colonial aberration.	Its best hope of acceptance by its neighbours lies in reaching a settlement with the Palestinians.	1
Since his arrival in May, Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp, such as management-by-objective, detailed project plans and forecasts of company sales and product trends.	We're finally getting -- and it's been very painful -- some understanding of what the company's long-term horizon should begin to look like.	1
such discussions would be fraught with political complications.	many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way.	1
and the risks go up with each new sports package that CBS locks up.	Although sports officials predict jumps of 50% to 100% in the major contracts coming up for renewal, ad rates may rise only 20%.	0
Still, two-thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios.	The fund now holds a cash position of about 15%.	1
But analysts say Sansui is a special case..It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen.	If you find sound, healthy companies in Japan, they are not for sale.	0
the company to be profitable in the current quarter.	We are positioned to come through.	0
You can see the highs and lows of the business all under one roof.	There aren't too many winners.	0
NATO defense ministers said the 16-nation alliance continues to need a strong nuclear strategy despite political changes in Eastern Europe.	The ministers, concluding a two-day meeting in southern Portugal, welcomed Moscow's pledges to cut its military forces, but urged the Soviets to do more to slash short-range nuclear weapons.	0
Interest picks up, though, when Mr. Gould gets around to discussing the meaning of the Burgess oddities for the theory of evolution.	Not long after the appearance of life, evidently, there was an explosive proliferation in the number of animal designs seen on the earth.	0
The modest sell-off, which started on Tuesday, continued.	The December contract ended at $999 a metric ton, down $15.	0
After that, the federal share diminishes.	For interstate highways, the federal share normally would drop to 90% of the cost of repairs, and the state would have to pick up the remainder of the cost.	0
Beyond the current weakness in the junk bond market, banks have another advantage over investment banks in financing contested takeovers.	that "a political and emotional bias" has developed against junk bonds.	1
Our {computer} model has a certain trigger point.	When the computer says switch, Renaissance switches.	1
Goya may be on to something.	Borden sells considerably more whole milk than reduced-fat milks in southern and Hispanic markets.	1
In recent years, though, a passel of others flying the no-load flag have been imposing hefty charges when an investor sells his shares.	Shouldn't they properly be called exit-load funds.	1
The average yield on six-month broker-sold CDs rose to 8.29% from 8.05% and on one-year CDs the average yield rose to 8.30% from 8.09%.	The brokerage firms, which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose CDs they sell, generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills or from banks and thrifts directly.	1
UAL, which closed on the Big Board Monday at $178.375 a share, traded in the third market afterward as low as $158 a share.	There were rumors of $148-a-share trades.	0
If they think well of the company through our support of the Bill of Rights, it follows they'll think well of our products.	the Bill of Rights commercial, which trumpets the themes of liberty and freedom of expression, isn't designed to have any special appeal for smokers.	0
Many loans are being renegotiated, especially those tied to the hotel sector, which has been hit hard by a post-June 4 tourism slump.	Many bankers view property-sector loans as particularly risky.	0
It isn't clear how much those losses may widen because of the short Series.	Had the contest gone a full seven games, ABC could have reaped an extra $10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone, compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime-time shows.	1
because Raeder's ghost sometimes runs through the E ring dressed like Gen. Noriega.	The Command's huge bureaucracy is needed to analyze whether leaders of coups against Gen. Noriega meet the War Powers Act's six points, Cap Weinberger's seven points, the Intelligence Committee's 32 points and Woodrow Wilson's 14 points necessary to justify U.S. support.	1
Now, the personal-computer revolution is finally reaching Japan.	Kawasaki-Rikuso, a freight company, set up its own software subsidiary this year and is spending nearly a year's profit to more than double the computer terminals at its main office.	0
Mr. Marous said Westinghouse would own 70% of the facility.	The deal, which will involve an initial $20 million investment, was struck with a handshake, he added.	0
Now, only God exists as a matter of absolute necessity.	it is built into His nature.	1
that -- unlike manufacturing -- retailing is extremely sensitive to local cultures and life styles.	the Europeans and Canadians stumble in the U.S. market.	0
British Gas finished at 197, down 2, on 13 million shares, British Petroleum fell 8 to 291 on 9.4 million shares, and British Telecom was 4 lower at 261 on turnover of 10 million shares.	Cable & Wireless fell 20 to 478.	0
If the three companies pool their air-freight businesses, their clout would be considerable.	According to figures from the International Air Transport Association, they carried a combined 1.8 million tons of freight last year.	1
But many economists pointed to a 1.8% September rise in orders outside the volatile transportation category.	That "suggests the manufacturing sector is not falling apart.	0
Scott Greene, chief foreign exchange dealer with Julius Baer & Co. in New York, fits the description of a "great dollar bear.	He predicted the U.S. unit will skid below 1.80 marks to around 1.78 marks this month and 1.75 marks by the beginning of the new year.	1
The stock market clearly is leading the bond markets.	People are breathing a major sigh of relief that the world didn't end Monday morning" or yesterday.	1
that 84% of the 50 births they followed occurred after only two in vitro cycles.	that births were "extremely unlikely" after the fourth cycle and concludes couples who don't achieve a pregnancy after four to six procedures should be advised that success is unlikely.	0
The only consensus is that more money and people may leave Hong Kong than had been thought likely.	This expected blow has cast a pall over the economy's prospects.	1
Long lines of people waited to buy special souvenir World Series postcards with official postmarks.	Thousands of us had paid $5 for the official souvenir book with its historical essays on Series trivia, its historical photographs of great moments in Series past, and its instructions, in English and Spanish, for filling in the scorecard.	0
It is fun competing as a private company.	You can think long range.	1
Tele-Communications is HBO's largest customer, and the two have a number of other business relationships..Earlier this year, Time even discussed bringing Tele-Communications in as an investor in HBO, executives at both companies said.	The purchase of the Showtime stake is "a direct slap in our face.	1
City fathers have managed to push through projects that are crucial for tourist growth, such as the expansion of McCarran International Airport to accommodate the 44% of Las Vegas tourists who fly here.	This year, by one means of transport or another, more than 18 million people will visit the city.	1
Would I have done all those things successively if I didn't think he was the right guy?" Mr. Roman asked.	He labeled reports of friction "ridiculous," and said that he spent part of the weekend on Mr. Phillips's boat in Connecticut.	0
There are few factories and no mines.	It was an ideal place for the Orange Workers to start their new nation, unencumbered by the demographics that have undermined apartheid elsewhere in South Africa.	1
The first priority for Wang's sales force is to make sure it holds on to existing customers.	Wang's installed base is one of its greatest assets, and many of those customers remain extremely loyal.	1
The venture would be the latest in Coke's rapid expansion of overseas investment.	So far this year, it has put nearly $700 million into bottling operations in Australia, New Zealand and France.	0
More ominous to SDI supporters, the Bush administration appears to have tacitly accepted a new arms-control proposal from the Soviet Union that spells long-term trouble for Star Wars.	The Soviets have agreed to complete a treaty cutting strategic weapons without including restrictions on space-based defenses.	0
Without question, something intriguing is going on in the policy chambers of the Politburo.	the Soviet government has recognized it has a credibility problem.	1
What went wrong in Panama is a fitting subject for public and congressional inquiry.	Naturally, Senator Boren and his committee would like free rein to blame the executive branch while stamping "top secret" on their own complicity.	0
and {Sotheby's} wouldn't do it.	They were protecting his interests.	0
Westmoreland expects energy demand to grow annually in the 2.5% range in the early 1990s.	We see coal's piece of the action growing.	0
Impossible, impossible.	We can't do without their help.	0
Elsewhere, prices surged for a second day in Frankfurt, closed higher in Zurich, Stockholm and Amsterdam and were broadly lower in Milan, Paris and Brussels.	South African gold stocks ended marginally firmer.	0
The plaintiffs accused Irving of paying less interest than promised in a marketing brochure.	Irving maintained -- and still does -- that its actions were proper under its account agreements with customers.	0
Chickens carry this bacteria.	Hens sometimes pass salmonella to the eggs, and it can also be found on unclean shells.	1
Senator Coats's proposal would let the proposed spending cuts take place automatically unless Congress acts.	The Members could still try to serve their constituents with special-interest goodies, but the police (in the form of a President) would be there with a straitjacket if they really get crazy, as they do now.	1
Pemex desperately needs new investment.	Since world oil prices collapsed in 1982, the government has siphoned Pemex's coffers to make payments on Mexico's $97 billion foreign debt.	1
UAL's management agreed to reduce the seniority of those pilots in exchange for the support of the United pilot union for the buy-out proposal.	The 220 pilots involved in the suit aren't members of the union.	1
From a reading of the somewhat scant English-language medical literature on RU-486, the French abortion pill emerges as one of the creepiest concoctions around.	This is not only because it kills the unborn, a job at which it actually is not outstandingly efficient, zapping only 50% to 85% of them depending on which study you read (prostaglandin, taken in conjunction with the pill, boosts the rate to 95%)..By contrast, surgical abortion is 99% effective..Abortion via the pill is far more of an ordeal than conventional surgical abortion..It is time-consuming (the abortion part alone lasts three days, and the clinical part comprises a week's worth of visits), bloody (one woman in a Swedish trial required a transfusion, although for most it resembles a menstrual period, with bleeding lasting an average of 10 days), and painful (many women require analgesic shots to ease them through)..Nausea and vomiting are other common side effects..Timing is of the essence with RU-486..It is most effective taken about a week after a woman misses her menstrual period up through the seventh week of pregnancy, when it is markedly less effective..That is typically about a three-week window..So far, all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is "safe." But "safe," in the definition of Marie Bass of the Reproductive Health Technologies Project, means "there's been no evidence so far of mortality." No one has researched the long-term effects of RU-486 on a woman's health or fertility..The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken..Some women clearly have no trouble eventually conceiving again: The studies have reported repeaters in their programs..But there are no scientific data on this question..Rather ominously, rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects, Lancet, the British medical journal, reported in 1987..However, Dr. Etienne-Emile Baulieu, the French physician who invented RU-486, wrote in a Science magazine article last month that the rabbit-test results could not be duplicated in rats and monkeys..The drug has a three-dimensional structure similar to that of DES, the anti-miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it.	1
This is a good move, but it only gets you to where people's expectations already are," in terms of earnings growth.	he had hoped that a cost savings of $450 million would result in even greater growth than the 20% annual earnings increase AT&T has told analysts it expects in the future.	0
Wall Street won't take kindly to that.	On a stand-alone basis, the network ought to make money.	1
that the disappointing results don't reflect lower prices for steel products.	higher prices for galvanized and cold-rolled products offset lower prices for bar, hot-rolled and structural steel.	1
Your Oct. 2 page-one article on people riding so-called "railbikes" on railroad tracks was a disservice to your readers.	It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now.	1
She has thrown extravagant soirees for crowds of people, but prefers more intimate gatherings.	At American cocktail parties everyone's always looking over your shoulder to see who they can talk to next.	1
third-quarter sales increased 4% to $1.44 billion from $1.38 billion.	net income was flat because of investment in research and development and costs related to launches of several products.	0
Amex issues with big percentage price gains included two Eastern Air Lines preferred stocks.	Eastern's Class F preferred rose 12%, or 1 1/4, to 11 3/4.	0
But even though by some estimates it might cost the world as much as $100 billion between now and the year 2000 to convert to other coolants, foaming agents and solvents and to redesign equipment for these less efficient substitutes, the Montreal Protocol's legions of supporters say it is worth it.	that CFCs are damaging the earth's stratospheric ozone layer, which screens out some of the sun's ultraviolet rays.	1
The top-performing fund in the latest week was Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar, with a seven-day compound yield of 9.45%.	The fund invests heavily in dollar-denominated money-market securities overseas.	1
Mr. Ridley's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world's auto giants for Britain's leading luxury-car maker.	Both General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. have been trying to amass 15% stakes in Jaguar.	1
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals.	In East Berlin, Communist Party officials considered legalizing New Forum, the country's largest opposition alliance, as about 20,000 demonstrators staged protests in three cities to press demands for democratic freedoms.	0
What Gov. Clinton is advocating, in effect, is extending the educational system down to the pre-kindergarten years.	Whether desirable or not, this is a child-care program, not an educational program.	0
even though many Americans believe differences between imported and domestic cars are diminishing.	Only 58% of Americans now believe that foreign cars get better gas mileage than domestic models down from 68% in 1987.	0
Nissan concedes that it won't recoup all its market-share losses in Japan until at least 1995, and even that timetable might prove optimistic.	Everyone else is going to catch up" with Nissan's innovative designs.	1
By late last year he was invited back as "the tire king" to display his products at a national exhibition.	National leaders stopped by his stand to commend his achievements.	0
the competition "broadens the base of opportunity for us.	Other firms "are dealing with the masses.	0
when General Motors -- one of the country's largest companies and a big direct-mail user itself -- entered the junk-mail battle.	As of March 1, its Flint office, with about 2,500 employees, stopped delivering bulk mail and non-subscription magazines.	0
When Mr. Fazio offered the California-backed $3.84 billion plan, Mr. Whitten insisted that the full 14 pages be read aloud by the panel's clerk to underscore the range of legislative changes also sought by the delegation.	On the chairman's motion, the California package was subsequently reduced to less-binding report language.	0
Salomon Brothers Inc., the investment-banking firm, in its annual tally of investment returns, reported that old masters appreciated 51% in the year ended June 1, the greatest return of any of 13 assets it tracked.	Impressionist and modern paintings, not tracked by Salomon, are ranked even higher at 74% by Sotheby's.	0
While he is widely described as a man with deep convictions, he has few major political programs that he can call his own.	Asked about his greatest achievement in public life, he first speaks about the quality of his staff.	1
The day was saturated with the weight of its own impending history.	Long lines of people waited to buy special souvenir World Series postcards with official postmarks.	1
It's called bad money driving out good money.	Institutions that usually buy retail paper have to be more concerned.	1
that the shutdown wouldn't be a cause for alarm even if it were to persist for several days.	that they still have the ability to exercise their options, because they are guaranteed by the Options Clearing Corp.	1
Like Foothills, TransCanada's Polar Gas consortium plans to build a pipeline directly south from the Mackenzie River delta in Canada's western Arctic with an initial capacity to transport 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas daily.	they expect a fierce battle to emerge between TransCanada, which has a monopoly on Canadian gas transportation east of Alberta, and Nova and Westcoast, which control the pipelines within and running west of Alberta, respectively.	1
The last thing markets like is uncertainty.	you'll see share prices go down.	1
Their visa came in relatively short order, and they moved to Los Angeles.	Mr. Volokh soon found work in his field, but Ms. Volokh refused the obvious and available occupation-as translatorfor a Russian who spoke fluent English.	0
We see coal's piece of the action growing.	Coal prices, while not skyrocketing, will grow modestly in real terms.	1
it's real strength lies in its software inheritance.	The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer.	1
These rate indications aren't directly comparable.	lending practices vary widely by location.	1
You have to beat everyone around the world.	He wants to see steelmakers more involved in computers and artificial intelligence.	1
Even now, the American attack upon this tremendous problem is timid in relation to the magnitude of the threat.	I can attest that a recent Colombian visitor to the U.S. was offered drugs three times in the few blocks' walk between Grand Central Terminal and the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in midtown Manhattan.	0
Individual Inc. 's technology goes beyond word searches by using a computerized thesaurus.	If a customer asks for stories about "IBM," the computer will also supply stories that mention "I.B.M., International Business Machines, or Big Blue.	1
Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would buckle and shower us with glass.	Only a few books fell in the reading room.	0
But there are grounds for complaint.	At one point, the reader is two steps ahead of Marlowe in catching on to a double identity scam -- and Marlowe is supposed to be the pro.	0
In Australia, land of the outback, a snapshot of Jim Beam lies on a strip of hand-tooled leather.	West Germans get glitz, with bourbon in the foreground and a posh Beverly Hills hotel in the background.	0
Scientists call the new class of genes tumor-suppressors, or simply anti-cancer genes.	When functioning normally, they make proteins that hold a cell's growth in check.	1
The decision to cancel the loan exemplifies the tough attitude bankers have taken toward China since June 4.	international lenders remain nervous about China's economic troubles and foreign debt -- $40 billion at the end of 1988.	1
Recall that Nicaragua's Sandinistas came into Managua as partners in a coalition government with anti-Somoza moderates.	Within two years, the moderates were exiled or in prison.	0
Judy and I were in our back yard when the lawn started rolling like ocean waves.	We ran into the house to get Mame.	1
Since the value of its assets wasn't known, analysts were free to pick a number.	In one of many rosy scenarios, Bear Stearns's Gary Schneider wrote in March that its real estate alone had a value of $4.5 billion.	0
Dr. Blumenfeld isn't unique.	Especially at times like these, when declining rates make it hard for investors to get yields they have come to expect, too many people chase the promise of above-market returns without fully appreciating the risk.	1
XL/Datacomp slid 2 1/4 to 16 1/2 amid continuing concerns about the company's contract negotiations with International Business Machines.	IBM is reviewing its entire business-partners program, and XL/Datacomp confirmed earlier this month that it was in talks with the company about possible modifications to its current IBM-remarketer contract.	0
It increases employee commitment to the company, with all that means for efficiency and quality control.	What must your management team do to establish corporate due process.	1
Maybe Akzo can surprise the investment world a bit.	Akzo is likely to be one of the few major chemical companies to show profit growth next year.	1
Mead gained 1 to 37 7/8.	USA Today reported that the Rales brothers, Washington, D.C.-based investors who made an unsuccessful offer to acquire Interco last year, have bought nearly 3% of Mead's common shares.	0
At GMAC, net dropped 3.1% to $234.5 million from $241.9 million.	The finance unit attributed the decline to higher borrowing costs compared with a year earlier.	0
that the market is troubled but still viable and, appropriately enough, quite quality-conscious.	Nobody's been perfect in their credit judgments the past couple years.	1
Scenario 2 extends the recent compromises between the House and the Senate; it splits the difference between Scenarios 1 and 3, by increasing the budget at 2% per year.	It reduces the baseline by $169 billion.	1
For the year, Winnebago had a loss of $4.7 million, or 19 cents a share, following profit of $2.7 million, or 11 cents a share, a year earlier.	Sales rose 2% to $437.5 million from $430.3 million.	0
When bank financing for the buy-out collapsed last week, so did UAL's stock.	Even if the banks resurrect a financing package at $250 a share, the two executives would still get about $25 million less than they stood to gain in the initial transaction.	1
Still, its edge is lost.	It now will be played mostly for the record, and should be wrapped up as quickly as possible, without "off" days.	1
With a hurricane you know it's coming.	You have time to put precautionary mechanisms in place.	1
Their price falls further than that of other bonds when inflation and interest rates kick up.	That won't matter if they are held to maturity, but if, for any reason, the parents need to sell them before then, there could be a severe loss of principal.	1
Failures in seven of nine regional areas fell more than 10% in the nine months.	The South Atlantic States were the only region to report an increase in bankruptcies, up 5.3% to 5,791 from 5,502.	0
CBS took to get an unprecedented lock on all playoff games.	If the playoffs end in four-game sweeps, losses could soar.	0
IBM appears more worried about Digital.	It's going to be nuclear war.	1
Analysts expect Federal's earnings to improve again in its fiscal third quarter ending Feb. 28, when the company should begin benefiting from Tiger's extra flights, back-up planes and landing rights.	Until then, they expect the cost of integrating the two carriers to continue crimping profits.	0
it is in far better shape to cope.	Investment analysts generally agree.	0
Dun & Bradstreet noted that price competition in its Nielsen Marketing Research, Nielsen Clearing House and Donnelley Marketing businesses also restrained revenue growth.	It cited cyclical conditions in its Moody's Investors Service Inc. and D&B Plan Services units.	0
IBM, though long a leader in the Japanese mainframe business, didn't introduce its first PC in Japan until five years after NEC did, and that wasn't compatible even with the U.S. IBM standard.	Apple didn't introduce a kanji machine -- one that handles the Chinese characters of written Japanese -- until three years after entering the market.	0
The environment can no longer be a normal issue, to be dealt with on a business-as-usual basis with comfortable increments of change.	We have literally altered the chemistry and physics of our planet's atmosphere.	1
Sitting beside a banker at a luncheon in London he learned that a large packet of Bally's shares was up for sale.	Looking into Bally, he could hardly believe what he saw: a company with enormous real-estate holdings in major European cities and a market capitalization of 28 million Swiss francs; it had 7,000 employees.	0
that the criminals are selling them to nurseries or landscapers.	The Sago has become a popular accent in tony new housing tracts, apparently giving the rustlers a ready market for their filched fronds.	1
But there's a catch.	Sidhpur and adjacent districts are the only places in the world where psyllium is grown in large quantities.	0
holders of the two issues can convert their stock into common shares through the close of business Dec. 1.	Each $1 cumulative share can be converted into 4.92 common shares.	0
Maybe I'm a little stuffy, but I wouldn't sell them.	Who knows how much they'll be worth 100 years from now.	1
So they opted for IRA, naming it after Ira Cohen, a brilliant IRS actuary who helped them.	Ira, himself, confirms this account.	0
there's a deal on offer.	They want reassurance we won't try to undermine or destroy the Warsaw Pact. . . . In return, the U.K. and France could keep their nuclear weapons.	0
The Bay Area has three very dangerous faults, the San Andreas, the Hayward fault and the Calaveras fault.	It {Tuesday's quake} hasn't solved our problem.	1
Tell that to Atlanta, which Pittsburgh replaced as the most-livable city in 1985.	Many Atlantans thought Pittsburgh was an unworthy heir.	1
Help may be on the way.	The antitrust division of the Justice Department is investigating the oddly similar tuition charges and increases among the top schools.	1
it will omit the next quarterly dividends on its Series A, B, C and D preferred shares.	it will pay all omitted dividends when debt-reduction requirements have been met.	0
Luxurious homes and ranches have been raided by the military authorities, and sophisticated and powerful communications equipment have been seized.	More than 300 planes and helicopters have been impounded at airports, and a large number of vehicles and launches has been confiscated.	0
If directors or producers phone me and say they know `Liz, ' I know they've never met her.	She prefers `Elizabeth.	1
Snack-food tonnage increased a strong 7% in the third quarter, while domestic profit increased in double digits.	Excluding the British snack-food business acquired in July, snack-food international tonnage jumped 40%, with sales strong in Spain, Mexico and Brazil.	0
Investors in B.A.T have been on a roller coaster.	B.A.T has been London's best-performing blue chip over the past six months, up 40% against a 4% rise in the Financial Times 100-Share Index..But this week, B.A.T has been hit harder than other big U.K. stocks.	1
Now there's a new wrinkle in what young doctors want.	More than half of 300 residents responding to recent survey said they'd prefer a guaranteed salary over traditional fee-for-service compensation in their first professional position.	0
Working students want "some satisfaction.	University of Michigan students look for jobs related to planned careers.	1
Mr. Gelbart deplores the obfuscation, the circumlocution and the debasement of language he sees on all sides.	As the hearings begin, the self-important Sen. Bowman (Jerome Kilty) announces: "Let me emphaticize one thing at the outset: We are not looking for hides to skin nor goats to scape.	0
But the strategy isn't helping much this time.	Both sectors of imports and exports look just as bad.	1
At the time, though, in 1979, the U.S. was once again flirting with its longtime Latin American spy.	Mr. Noriega made plans to fly to Washington for a meeting with his counterpart at the Pentagon.	1
It is combing the town of 10,000 for about 200 extras.	On Oct. 20, the town's mayor, Robert Reid, made an announcement on behalf of CBS during half-time at the Middletown High School football game asking for volunteers.	1
Detroit tries to counter the foreign invasion with new brands of its own.	GM launched the Geo marque this year to sell cars made in partnership with foreign auto makers, and next year GM's long-awaited Saturn cars will make their debut.	0
Even staunch anti-bike Sierra members concede that 10% of all riders cause most of the problems.	While some are renegade riders who simply scorn regulations, much bad riding simply reflects ignorance that can be corrected through "education and peer pressure.	0
Some investors are skeptical of growth stocks because investing in them means ignoring that maxim found in the fine print of some investment advertisements -- that past performance isn't indicative of future results.	People are naturally suspicious of them," says Mr. Mullins of Morgan Stanley.	1
that the Israeli government had provided its correspondent in Jerusalem with different documents that Israel said prove the PLO has been conducting terrorism from the occupied Arab territories.	it hasn't yet seen copies of those papers.	0
She called her daughter to take her to the bank, who, in turn, persuaded her husband, a Mr. Loeb, to run this errand..Hearing of this information, the husband discussed it with his broker, Mr. Chestman, and Mr. Chestman then bought for his own account and other clients.	Basically, Mr. Chestman was a fourth-level tippee.	1
Thank goodness it's happening.	It should have happened sooner.	0
but when she started to approach the bench, she was stopped by Judge Hancock.	that the short skirt was inappropriate for a court appearance.	1
and approaches the work like any other job.	He's even able to think of a job that takes him out of the house 300 nights a week as an ordinary job.	0
The average maturity of the funds tracked by IBC/Donoghue's remained at 38 days for the third consecutive week.	It was as short as 29 days at the start of this year, when rates were marching steadily upward, and hit 42 days in August.	0
The company had a tax credit of $1.4 million..In the year-earlier quarter, the tax credit was $3.3 million.	Sales rose 8% to $368.5 million from $340.7 million.	0
Campbell-Mithun also would be a sizable addition to an agency network.	It has billings of about $850 million and blue-chip clients including General Mills, Jeep/Eagle and Dow Brands.	1
that having Mr. Phillips succeed Mr. Roman would make for a smooth transition.	Graham Phillips has been there a long time, knows the culture well, is aggressive, and apparently gets along well with" Mr. Sorrell.	1
Mr. Kasparov was underwhelmed.	The computer's mind is too straight, too primitive," lacking the intuition and creativity needed to reach the top.	1
We're trading with a very wary eye on Wall Street.	No one is willing to place a firm bet that the stock market won't take another tumultuous ride.	1
the biggest problem facing all commodity exchanges was one of image.	Earlier this year, the U.S. attorney indicted 45 floor traders and one clerk at the two big Chicago exchanges.	1
GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators' questions about it over lunch Tuesday.	He said Jaguar "shouldn't be smothered by anyone else.	0
but they now say it will be deeper and longer than they had thought.	Britain's economy "is developing rapidly toward no-growth.	0
Still, Britain's current slump is a cause for concern here.	Compared with the major economies on the Continent, the U.K. faces both higher inflation and lower growth in the next several months.	1
but the events of the past week have certainly exposed Europe's weaknesses.	the problems on European exchanges included market-system breakdowns, delayed execution of buy and sell orders and trading suspensions.	0
Mr. Pilson and his team huddled in a hallway and took just 10 minutes to return with a $300 million offer.	Mr. Pound responded, "It's a deal.	0
Interviews with three major fund groups confirm the trend.	Their junk funds combined have had net outflows totaling nearly $500 million, or about 13% of their junk fund assets, in the past two months.	0
If that happens, Chairman Greenspan could well become an open target.	Already, Congress is toying with legislation to curb the Fed's independence.	0
But what about the debt burden.	that "there is some magic level" at which the ratio of installment debt to disposable income "indicates economic problems.	0
They were 103 or 206.	Pockets exploded with one-yen coins.	1
Red tape is the bugaboo of small business.	Ironically, the person who wants to run his or her own business is probably the active, results-oriented sort most likely to hate meeting the rules and record-keeping demands of federal, state and local regulators.	1
The law that Sen. Thurmond is pushing would be irrelevant in the case of the Maryland restaurant murders and almost all other killings.	Most murders are state crimes.	1
In fact, the entire population of the Bay Area had ended up with this dual role of actor and audience.	The reporters were victims and some of the victims turned into unofficial reporters.	1
United Fruit was one of the two largest contributors to Panama's national income.	Satisfying its interests was a priority for any Panamanian leader.	1
The majority of the bikes never even make it into the high country.	City dwellers love them because they shift smoothly in traffic, bounce easily over curbs and roll through road glass with far fewer flat tires than racing bikes.	1
but you didn't know that.	He wanted your own unbiased, virgin opinion.	1
It may also stipulate that the insured must pass another medical exam before renewal.	if you flunk you may not be able to buy it.	1
On Oct. 14 of that year, the announcement of an unusually large August trade deficit helped trigger a steep market decline.	The slide continued until the record 508-point market drop on Oct. 19.	0
The ministry has never even suggested that Japanese banks be cautious about leveraged buy-outs in general.	There are no facts {behind the assertions} that we sent any kind of signal.	1
The early omens scarcely suggest so wholesome an outcome.	The Fleet Street reaction was captured in the Guardian headline, "Departure Reveals Thatcher Poison.	0
To suggest that a 10% drop in ozone by the middle of the next century would be negligible is irresponsible and shortsighted.	that a mere 2% drop in ozone would increase birth defects and mutations by allowing solar radiation to alter the DNA structure.	1
SCI TV's grace period for paying its bills is due to expire Nov. 16.	It now is quietly circulating among creditors a preliminary plan to restructure debt.	1
the company consistently shoved unwary customers into high-risk investments in paintings, coins and Florida condos.	Those investments paid big commissions to First Meridian, payments investors were never told about.	1
But if East Germany's arthritic Politburo does loosen up enough to permit Mr. Krenz to make serious efforts at reform, he will face a challenge just as fundamental.	Abandoning socialism means abandoning the East German state's reason for existence, and with it the justification for its watchdogs and its Wall.	1
Mr. Smith and other top Federal executives have met with Tiger workers in Los Angeles, Ohio, New York, Alaska, Asia and Europe.	Recently, they have appeared every few weeks in talk-show type videos, countering pro-union arguments.	0
The NSC staff "doesn't have the horsepower that is required to have an effective interagency process.	that by design it has greatly diminished, both in a physical sense and in a procedural sense, the role of the NSC.	1
By 1973, after their second child was born, it had become clear to Ms. Volokh and her husband Vladimir, a computer scientist, that they wanted to leave the U.S.S.R.	Ms. Volokh quit her job, to remove herself from the public eye.	1
But investors looking for alternatives aren't finding it easy.	Yields on most fixed-income securities are lower than several months ago.	1
But it hasn't increased much relative to other assets.	It suggests that households accumulate wealth across a broad spectrum of assets.	1
An antitrust suit that Mr. Maynard's company filed in Los Angeles federal court against the United Egg Producers and others only added to the entrepreneur's woes.	The judge dismissed the suit and ordered Mr. Maynard's company to pay over $100,000 in legal fees to the defendants' lawyers.	1
The {influence of the} U.S. is not being felt in Central America.	Washington's decisions do not respond to a policy.	0
Last week, many Jaguar shareholders took their money and ran.	Fears that Ford's ardor might be cooling put Jaguar shares into reverse after GM confirmed its friendly negotiations with Jaguar.	1
If positioned over the brain's motor-control area, the hand-held electromagnets generate nerve impulses that zip down motor nerves and activate muscles, making, say, a finger twitch.	In principle, they will enable doctors to check the body's motor system the way an electrician tests a home's electrical circuits by running current through them.	1
In recent years, the airlines had waited until the last moment to court Christmas season vacationers with bargain fares.	That approach flopped.	0
Real-estate interests, for example, are protesting an omission in President Bush's capital-gains proposal.	It doesn't include real-estate gains.	0
The magazine Success, however, was for years lackluster and unfocused.	Only recently has it been attractively redesigned and its editorial product improved.	0
Stephen N. Wertheimer was named managing director and group head of investment banking in Asia, based in Tokyo.	Mr. Wertheimer, 38 years old, had been a first vice president in the industrial group in investment banking.	0
He continues to reshuffle the team, trading famed running back Herschel Walker to the Minnesota Vikings this month for a slew of players and future draft picks.	To try to draw more fans, he has dropped end-zone ticket prices from $25 to $19.	0
The restructuring calls for a 24% reduction in its work force over the next two months, affecting about 525 jobs.	It is eliminating the positions of president and chief operating officer, formerly held by Edward L. Marinaro.	0
The Ku Klux Klan was revived in the 1920s as a national organization aimed at Catholics and Jews as well as blacks.	One reason for its downfall was the murder trial of D.C. Stephenson, an Indiana leader whose reckless career is depicted in this film starring Mel Harris ("thirtysomething") and John Heard.	0
Ms. Johnson is awed by the earthquake's destructive force.	It really brings you down to a human level," she says.	0
But except for the embarrassment, British Air will emerge relatively unscathed from the flopped issue.	Underwriters led by Lazard Brothers & Co. will pick up the rest of the airline's offer of four convertible capital bonds for every nine common shares.	1
Several other Japanese companies and regional governments have sent aid to San Francisco.	Sumitomo Bank donated $500,000, Tokyo prefecture $15,000 and the city of Osaka $10,000.	0
Carmine Grigoli, chief market strategist for First Boston, who still says, "We expect the Dow average {to be at} 3000 by mid-1990," nonetheless foresees a sluggish economy in the meantime.	He recommends such blue-chip growth stalwarts as Philip Morris, PepsiCo, CPC International, Reebok International, and Limited Inc.	1
that he might not rely on Congress -- which hasn't shown any willingness to surrender such authority -- to pass the line-item veto law he seeks.	Mr. Bush is considering simply declaring that the Constitution gives him the power, exercising a line-item veto and inviting a court challenge to decide whether he has the right.	0
He wasn't protecting the Freedom Marchers.	he was tailing them as subversives.	0
But Whitbread has been squeezed by giant rivals amid widespread consolidation in the industry.	Now, it wants to concentrate on beer and its newer hotel and restaurant operations.	1
an enormous jump in orders for heavy military equipment propped it up.	Orders for capital defense goods skyrocketed 56%.	0
much of the weakness to customer inventory reductions.	that, barring a recession and a further strengthening of the dollar against foreign currencies, the industry isn't headed for a prolonged slump.	1
Time argues that in joining up with Tele-Communications, Viacom has potentially more power.	Ironically, Tele-Communications and Time have often worked closely in the cable business.	0
it was "obviously disappointed" with the FCC decision on Tariff 12.	it will petition the FCC decision in federal court.	1
Shippers surveyed recently by Ohio State University said they expect their freight-transport, storage and distribution costs to rise about 4% this year.	Only 10% of the 250 shippers polled expected their freight-transport costs to decrease, compared with 30% who had looked to freight transport to reduce costs in past years.	0
and are renegotiating dated stadium contracts.	Most of the owners must pay up to 10% of gross ticket sales for leases on stadiums they say are either too small or too old.	1
The U.S. underestimated Noriega all along.	He has mastered the art of survival.	1
he agreed to take the job because "it's the right time, it's a terrific opportunity, and I think I leave the company in very strong hands.	It was my decision, not anyone else's.	0
So IBM will be announcing more than 50 products that will be aimed at letting even the dumbest machine tool talk to the smartest mainframe, or anything in between.	In an unusual display of openness, IBM also will be helping customers tie together operations that include lots of equipment made by IBM's competitors.	0
Mr. Patel resigned as senior vice president of Par in April.	In July, Par and a 60%-owned unit agreed to plead guilty in that inquiry, as did another former Par official.	0
But a few new spots are opening.	Arthur Andersen, the accounting firm, has increased its energy staff 10% in a year.	0
A mix of CDs and other holdings may make the most sense.	People should remember their money isn't all or nothing -- they don't need to be shopping for the one interest-rate-type investment and putting all their money in it.	1
Contact lenses, tank tops, prostitutes openly working the streets of Hollywood and the Tequila Sunrise cocktail all seem out of place in the 1950s.	A little more care in re-creating Marlowe's universe would have made the book that much more enjoyable.	1
At the news conference, Mr. Lorenzo and Eastern President Phil Bakes presented a far rosier assessment.	Flanked by flight attendants, pilots and gate agents dressed in spiffy new blue uniforms, they said Eastern has exceeded its operational goals and is filling its seats..Starting next month, Eastern will begin flying 775 flights daily instead of the previously announced 700, they said..Mr. Bakes declined to give out Eastern's daily losses, but said he didn't expect Eastern would have to dip into the cash from asset sales currently held in escrow..These accounts hold several hundred million dollars, primarily from asset sales..The plan Eastern hopes to pursue, he said, calls for Eastern to have $390 million in cash by year's end..Both he and Mr. Lorenzo predicted that plan might be confirmed in January.	0
nine of its 22 Emporium stores in the area were closed because of water damage, broken windows and fallen displays.	sales are expected to be hurt, but the losses are covered by insurance.	1
There are just tons of things that have to be considered.	Empty tank cars will float away on you if you get a big tidal surge.	0
If the case is converted to Chapter 7, what remains of the oil tycoon's once-vast estate -- now believed to have a value of less than $125 million -- would be sold off quickly with most of the proceeds going to the Internal Revenue Service, whose claim for $300 million in back taxes has priority in the case.	Hundreds of smaller creditors could get nothing, according to attorneys involved.	1
and the risks go up with each new sports package that CBS locks up.	Although sports officials predict jumps of 50% to 100% in the major contracts coming up for renewal, ad rates may rise only 20%.	0
No wonder.	We were coming down straight into their canal.	1
Mr. Kageyama is accurate to deny a specific anti-American bias.	It is more difficult to deny a general bigotry in seeing things only the Japanese way.	0
A rambunctious shake-up is quickly reshaping Europe's once-stately insurance business.	Worried by European Community directives that will remove many of the barriers to cross-border insurance services, starting in mid-1990, insurers are rushing to find partners and preparing for price wars.	1
By default," the dollar probably will be able to hold up pretty well in coming days.	We're close to the bottom" of the near-term ranges.	1
two or three major corporations to announce their participation in U.S. Memories soon after the group finishes a business plan, probably late this week.	U.S. Memories needs a catalyst to inspire others to join.	1
The harvest delays, however, are expected to be temporary.	Balmy temperatures are forecast for next week.	1
Should the green light Judges Alarcon and Hall have given to the fabrication of quotations become standard practice, it will notably reduce the value of journalism for historians -- and for citizens.	To invoke the right to deliberately distort what someone else has said is to assert the right to lie in print. . . . Masson has lost his case, but the defendants, and the profession to which they belong, have lost far more.	0
Work began on homes and apartments at an annual rate of 1,263,000 units last month, down 5.2% from August.	The September decline followed an even steeper drop of 6.2% in August and left housing starts at their weakest since October 1982.	0
On Oct. 19, Qintex Entertainment was about to default on a $5.9 million payment owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of a television program.	Qintex Entertainment was depending on Qintex Australia to arrange financing.	0
Persuading tradition-bound Japanese retailers to get involved in the turmoils of the U.S. retailing industry isn't likely to be so easy.	Up until now, most stores have followed the same basic overseas strategy: First they set up overseas merchandising offices to import items and track new fashion trends..Then they opened small gift shops mostly aimed at Japanese tourists.	1
Departing from decades of Soviet dogma, the new system would lead to big differences in pay between workers and almost certainly to unemployment.	To cushion the blows, the government would introduce a minimum wage and unemployment benefits.	1
Americans are expected to conform to the Japanese culture when in Japan.	What is wrong with expecting the Japanese to conform to American norms when they locate here.	1
This gap eventually closes, but slowly.	Three days later, as of Friday's close, the Nasdaq Composite was down 6%, compared with 5.9% for the industrial average, 5.7% for the S&P 500 and 5.8% for the Big Board Composite.	0
The bank acquiesced.	It refinanced the judge's loan, lowered its interest rate and accepted a trade-in that hadn't originally been part of the deal -- a beat up 1981 Chevy Citation the dealer had to repair before it could be resold.	1
Yesterday's selling began after a Japanese news agency reported that Japanese banks, which balked at the first bid, were ready to reject a revised version at around $250 a share, or $5.65 billion.	Several reports as the day progressed gave vague or conflicting indications about whether banks would sign up.	0
But high-yield, high-risk bonds fell 1/4 to 1/2 point with the stock market early in the session and never recovered.	According to a trader at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., the hardest hit junk bonds were those issued by RJR Holdings Capital Corp., which are the easiest to sell.	0
Mr. Holmes was the subject of a page one profile in The Wall Street Journal in 1984, after the SEC questioned him about ties between him and companies he touted in a newsletter.	In 1986 Mr. Holmes was enjoined from violating the stock-registration and anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws.	0
Depending on the type of software and peripherals used, the machines can serve either as the main computer in a network of many terminals (a role usually filled by a minicomputer), as a technical workstation or as a very fast personal computer.	It's the missing link" in Olivetti's product line between small personal computers and higher-priced minicomputers.	1
The specialists were "livid" about Mr. Phelan's recent remarks that sophisticated computer-driven trading strategies are "here to stay.	Many investors blame program trading for wild swings in the stock market, including the 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 13.	1
Over the past two years, the Fed has given a handful of banks' securities affiliates permission to underwrite and deal in a variety of corporate, asset-backed and municipal securities that had previously been the sole domain of securities firms.	Securities firms have challenged those Fed approvals, saying they violate federal laws separating the banking and securities businesses.	1
Several of Wall Street's largest securities firms, including Salomon Brothers Inc. and PaineWebber Inc., were also large buyers.	Salomon Brothers was among the largest sellers of stock-index futures last week.	0
The biographer/critic should not be required simply to express . . . conclusions without defending them by example.	In such circumstances, free-speech interests outweighed the interests of the copyright owner.	1
But the pullout is an embarrassment to New York City officials, coming at a time of high office building vacancy rates and departures by other major companies.	Mobil Corp. is in the process of vacating its headquarters here, and huge operations like J.C. Penney & Co. and Trans World Airlines have recently left.	0
that almost 2% of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year, almost twice the national average and about four times the rate for teachers, truck drivers, medical workers and door-to-door salespeople.	Only a few other occupations have higher reported rates of criminal injury, such as police, bartenders and taxi drivers.	0
The film makers have couched this offensive idea in pretty packaging.	Everyone is very nice and good-looking -- the adoptive parents (Glenn Close and James Woods) and the teen-age couple who decide to give up their baby for adoption (Mary Stuart Masterson and Kevin Dillon.	0
I cut my losses and ran.	Mrs. Burford remains bitter over the overwhelming legal expenses involved in clearing her name.	0
the share issue is part of a strategy to strengthen Labatt's balance sheet in anticipation of acquisitions to be made during the next 12 to 18 months.	Labatt's has no takeover bids outstanding currently.	0
Dual trading is definitely worth saving.	It adds something to the market.	1
Large Digital buyers say the new VAX will let them stay with Digital when they need the power of a mainframe, instead of turning to IBM.	I'm convinced there's a huge market for this machine," said Stephen Smith of PaineWebber Inc.	0
{Mr..Phillips} is going to need some help.	they need creative leadership, and I don't think they have it.	1
AMERICAN PRESIDENT COS., Oakland, shipping concern, annual sales of $2.2 billion, NYSE, had little damage to the cranes, dock or rail track at its container-ship facility near the collapsed Route 880 overpass.	The company expects to work a ship due in today with minimal delays, despite sporadic power.	1
Mr. Straszheim meets confrontation that often occurs in inverse proportion to the size of the client.	No sophisticated professional expects economists to be right all the time.	1
Many institutions and individual investors have shied away from stock-index futures, blaming them for speeding the stock market crash on Black Monday two years ago.	Since the crash, many futures traders haven't assumed large positions for fear that the S&P 500 market, with much of its customer order flow missing, would dry up if prices turned against them.	1
But other than a few slaps on the wrist, Gen. Noriega went unpunished by that body, too.	he was not even singled out in the closing statement.	0
But it Mr. Dozen's experience as a salesman that enabled him to gain the political support -- particularly from the retail sales force -- to accede to the presidency.	Commission income from domestic stock and bond sales accounts form a large portion of Japanese securities companies' earnings.	1
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings, in two important ways.	It would allow all defendants to introduce statistical evidence showing racially disproportionate application of the death penalty in the past.	0
that investors buy the shares of Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea, J. Baker, McDonald's, Philip Morris and Sara Lee.	that all of these companies will be able to compete fiercely in an economic downturn.	1
A reintegrated Europe implies big changes in 40-year-old military and economic policies.	There is likely to be a natural division of labor with the U.S. more engaged in strategic issues with the Soviet Union, and Western Europe more involved with specific aid measures for the East.	1
that Mitsukoshi's classy image makes it a possible match for Saks Fifth Avenue.	they are studying various proposals.	0
So glasnost is not a value woven with steel threads into the fabric of Russian society.	It is an admirable public relations program initiated by a single political leader during a four-year blink of history.	0
TRADING VOLUME in Standard & Poor's 500 stock-index futures contracts on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Monday totaled 73,803 contracts.	Yesterday's edition incorrectly reported Monday's trading volume as a record for the S&P 500 contract.	0
It can happen in any industry.	Consider the difficulties faced by Audi salespeople when the car was tainted by false charges of sudden acceleration, or Exxon dealers' problems in the wake of the Valdez oil spill.	0
And if the Europeans come in, they benefit too.	It's not a zero-sum game.	1
that are being rewritten by the panel and the White House.	The rewriting was launched at a meeting between Mr. Bush and intelligence committee leaders Oct. 12.	0
Robert Stovall, a veteran New York money manager and president of Stovall/ Twenty-First Securities, has money in both gold and utility issues.	we could very well have {an economic} slowdown, beginning very soon if not already.	1
But others think property owners ought to pay a higher portion of the state's earthquake relief tab.	Since the late 1970s, California property owners have benefited from a tax rollback as a result of a state ballot initiative known as Proposition 13.	1
the two companies agreed to spend 25 million Canadian dollars ($21.3 million) over 10 years on research at Canadian universities if they are successful in acquiring the vaccine maker.	$10 million would go to the University of Toronto.	0
Taxi, leasing and other companies that maintain fleets of vehicles devote substantial resources to complying with state insurance laws and a host of agencies.	It's very costly and time-consuming.	0
The stock received another blow on Friday, when Goldman Sachs analyst Eric Philo advised that investors with short-term horizons should avoid Dun & Bradstreet stock because it is unlikely to outperform the market.	The stock fell 75 cents.	1
You stay out of it.	Go run the university.	0
that a combined operation would allow savings in many ways.	The two companies each produce market pulp, containerboard and white paper.	0
Morgenzon has long been a special domain of Afrikanerdom.	According to Mr. Verwoerd, the early Afrikaner pioneers were the first people to settle in the eastern Transvaal, even before the blacks.	0
When you're at the club, you ask whether they've spoken to `G.	Now they know who you mean and you know who you mean.	1
Of course the Palestinians complain about their treatment.	of course the Israelis feel put upon.	0
So developers are saying they will look into distressed properties.	They'll go into someone else's pasture as long as it's greener than the one they're in now.	0
Now, with the opening of Maxim Gorky's bourgeois-bashing "Summerfolk," Ms. Bogart has laid her cards on the table.	Hers is a hand that will test the mettle of her audiences.	0
the government faces a daunting job of rebuilding confidence in its policies.	The prime minister and her new chancellor of the exchequer, the untested John Major, need to haul the country through something like a recession to bring down inflation and set the economy moving again.	1
I'd love to see sports cut back, and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools, but everybody's afraid to make the first move.	It's like the U.S. and the Russians: Nobody wants to disarm first.	0
An occupant will, in most every case, be better for the home and neighborhood than a vacant house.	In this way, the house is not dumped on to a glutted market.	0
But the advance faltered as index-options traders and investors jittery about the U.K. economic outlook took over.	The unexpectedly wide U.S. August trade deficit of $10.77 billion hit an already jittery U.K. market in midafternoon.	0
Third-quarter net income at Texaco rose to $305 million from $274 million last year.	Revenue declined 3.4%, to $8.4 billion from $8.7 billion.	0
The move by the nation's largest steelmaker follows a string of earlier announcements by other major steel companies.	Bethlehem Steel Corp., LTV Corp. and Armco Inc. all have plans to build additional lines for such coated corrosion-resistant steel.	0
State monopolies will keep on stifling trade, "free" prices or not, until something else replaces them.	Polish agriculture will need a whole private network of procurement, processing and distribution -- plus a new manufacturing industry to supply it with tractors, pesticides, fertilizers and feed.	1
Many of the 31,329 investors who remain are beginning to question one of the exchange's most basic tenets, the concept of unlimited personal liability.	Investors may reap huge profits when premiums exceed claims, but they are liable to their last pound or dollar in the event of a catastrophe.	1
But higher interest rates paid on off-budget debt could add billions to the bailout costs, and wouldn't be subject to congressional scrutiny.	To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible.	0
This is a good quarter for us in terms of our business fundamentals.	new telephone lines increased 4.5% for a total of about $13.5 million for the quarter; toll calls increased 9.6% to 807 million and minutes of telephone usage increased to 9.9 billion.	1
It also was considering a restructuring to help boost the stock price.	A group including several members of the the Bass family of Texas urged the company to take some steps to maximize shareholder value.	0
that privilege's purpose is "fostering harmony in marriage.	Because Mr. Marcos died Sept. 28, the privilege can no longer apply.	1
The largest sale in the competitive arena was a $55.7 million issue of school financing bonds from the Virginia Public School Authority.	A balance of $25.8 million remained in late order-taking, according to the lead manager.	0
The most pressing problem was the suspension of options trading.	The Pacific exchange has options for 129 underlying stock issues, including highly active Hilton Hotels Corp., which is listed on the Big Board.	1
it will issue an additional 243,677 of the Class C warrants to holders of its Class A, Class B and unclassified warrants.	Issuance of those warrants will be at the rate of one-third warrant for each warrant exercised.	0
On the other hand, we have economic news that is {expected to be} relatively positive for the bond market.	We will go back and forth with a tilt toward slightly lower yields.	1
For months the Johns Hopkins researchers, using gene probes, experimentally crawled down the length of chromosome 17, looking for the smallest common bit of genetic material lost in all tumor cells.	Such a piece of DNA would probably constitute a gene.	1
the closed-end fund's directors will consider Mr. Green's offer in a couple of weeks at a regular meeting.	He hasn't added anything.	0
The dealers immediately showed their new acquisition to an expert and came to see it as a fake.	They persuaded Mr. Trotter to take it back and, with the help of the FBI, taped their conversation with him.	0
First, however, he has unfinished business.	When district authorities allowed him to resume manufacturing, they released only one of his machines.	1
On Tuesday afternoon, Kemper told Bear, Stearns & Co., General Electric Co. 's Kidder, Peabody & Co. unit, Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer & Co. that it will no longer do business with them because of their commitment to index arbitrage.	Kemper officials declined to identify the firms.	0
the short seller hopes the replacement shares bought later will cost less than those that were sold.	Short interest can be a bad-expectations barometer for many stocks.	1
The baccalaureate bonds seem to be tailor-made for college savers.	Like other zeros, they pay all their interest at maturity, meaning that buyers can time things so that their bonds pay off just when Junior graduates from high school.	1
Place a phone order through most any catalog and chances are the clerk who answers won't be the only one on the line.	Bosses have big ears these days.	1
In late New York trading yesterday, the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks, down from 1.8485 marks late Wednesday, and at 141.70 yen, up from 141.45 yen late Wednesday.	Sterling was quoted at $1.5990, up from $1.5920 late Wednesday.	0
At closing time, farmers cart out most of what they carted in.	A private market like this just isn't big enough to absorb all that business.	1
Sierra Tucson, an initial public offering, made the most active list.	The company's shares began trading at 12 1/2, up from its initial offering price of 12, and closed at 13.	0
But most experts agree that the concept that is to be introduced drags in great complexity.	they have been trying to head it off this year.	1
By any measure, third-quarter earnings were still robust, equivalent to a 0.92% return on assets even excluding tax credits.	By that key measure of operating efficiency, BankAmerica turned in a better performance than its well-regarded Los Angeles-based competitor, Security Pacific Corp., which posted a 0.89% return in the third quarter.	0
such as eliminating the stocks of companies doing business in South Africa.	Other funds have been designed to concentrate on stocks in a geographic area in order to encourage local investment.	0
Strong demand for New York City's $813 million general obligation bonds propped up the municipal market.	most municipal bonds ended 1/2 point higher.	1
In Birmingham, which is 57% black, whites are the minority.	Insisting that they are protected by the Voting Rights Act, a group of whites brought a federal suit in 1987 to demand that the city abandon at-large voting for the nine member City Council and create nine electoral districts, including four safe white districts.	1
individuals should be in the stock market as long-term investors, not as traders trying to catch the next hot stock.	In general avoid takeover stocks.	1
Many law firms sponsor their own programs.	At the Baltimore firm of Weinberg & Green, new corporate and banking associates are required to enroll in a 20-class course.	0
When last we left him, FBI Agent Nick Mancuso had solved a murder mystery, unraveled a Washington political scandal, and racked up some pretty good ratings numbers in the miniseries "Favorite Son.	What next for the crusty FBI agent with the heart of gold.	1
Siemens is West Germany's largest electronics group.	AEG is 80% owned by Daimler-Benz AG, the country's biggest industrial concern.	0
The prolonged price pressures are driving a wedge between some franchisers and their franchisees.	that most franchise owners must absorb increases in expenses without any cut in the royalties, or portion of sales, that they must pay franchisers.	1
that it intends to retain at least a 20% stake long term.	A 20% stake would allow Honeywell to include Yamatake earnings in its results.	1
Some find no harm in the misdemeanors of trespass, minor property destruction, blocking traffic and the like.	these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all-important cause.	1
Earlier this month the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and the securities firm of Goldman, Sachs & Co., the experts hired by the creditors, contended that Eastern would have difficulty meeting earnings targets the airline was projecting.	Ernst & Young said Eastern's plan would miss projections by $100 million.	0
The notion that tracking is somehow "undemocratic" is absurd.	The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential.	1
For a piece on local heroes of World War II, we can ask people to leave the name and number of anyone they know who won a medal.	That'll save us time and get people involved.	1
but, before we get on with that, let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations.	They are useful to call public attention to grievances, but they have little value in educating anyone about the issues in dispute.	0
The man, it seems, has a Lichtenstein corporation, licensed in Libya and sheltered in the Bahamas.	He himself lives in a "consecutive series of unnumbered houses in a town in Switzerland.	0
It came in London's "Big Bang" 1986 deregulation; and Toronto's "Little Bang" the same year.	Paris is currently phasing out fixed commissions under its "Le Petit Bang" plan.	0
In the play's major scenes Mr. Boyd demonstrates that he has a firm grasp of the Shakespearean dynamic.	When Isabella (Ellen Lauren) confronts her brother Claudio (Matt Loney) in his cell, explaining the price she has been asked to secure his freedom; when Isabella and the disguised Duke (Philip Kerr) conspire to trick Angelo; and when Mariana (Annalee Jefferies), a woman wronged by Angelo, confronts him with his past misdeeds, the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intense energy and intelligence.	0
There's even a special fare for clergy that doesn't require the usual stay over Saturday night.	That way, they can be home in time for work Sunday.	1
In fact, it's barely begun for Mr. Corry, who faces tough decisions before he has had a chance to get settled into his new job.	He's in a vulnerable position because he hasn't established much credibility on his own.	0
they do not serve the people, and particularly not consumers.	They serve the industries and the special-interest groups.	0
Dictaphone Corp. was caught off guard in 1974 when its main competitor, Lanier Office Products of Japan, introduced a microcassette dictation recorder half the size of standard cassette devices.	Blocked by patent protection from following suit, Dictaphone decided to go a step further and cut the cassette in half again -- down to the length of a paperclip.	1
Nora's decision is between emotional excitement and emotional security, with no firm economic base anywhere.	The characters confront a world in which it seems increasingly difficult to find a "middle way" between the extremes of success and failure, wealth and poverty.	0
Beta is only part of the risk in a stock.	There is risk that is not associated with market moves, and the beta doesn't tell you the magnitude of that.	1
We won't have any more of this wayward behavior.	The party is fed up with sackings of good people.	1
Real-estate interests, for example, are protesting an omission in President Bush's capital-gains proposal: It doesn't include real-estate gains.	If there is going to be a tax scheme that contemplates lower treatment of capital gains, they certainly want to be part of it.	1
It's time to stop bickering and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future.	I've invited the president to send his suggestions to the committee.	1
As for other export customers, the Soviet Union isn't expected to be back buying U.S. corn in significant amounts until early next year.	A number of commercial grain users buttressed that opinion yesterday by buying certain corn options for delivery in March.	0
Here is a bible for UFO watchers, complete with pictures of people who say they've had personal relationships with aliens.	One photo shows a woman sporting a scar she says was made by a laser beam (a low-caliber weapon, from the looks of the wound).	0
Rising operating expenses are another problem.	Fuel costs were up 10% in the third quarter.	0
but its financial profile is closely guarded by members of the founding family.	There are very few companies that can boast of such a close-knit group.	0
But through this period, so far as the U.S. military was concerned, Mr. Noriega was a model recruit.	He signed up for intelligence and counter-intelligence training under American officers at Fort Gulick in Panama in July 1967, according to a copy of a 1983 resume with details Mr. Noriega has since classified as secret.	0
If a food crisis undid the Communists, a food revolution will make Solidarity.	The potential is displayed along every road into Warsaw: row upon row of greenhouses, stretching out behind modern mansions that trumpet their owners' wealth.	0
It's like fighting your way out of a fog.	You don't know which way to punch.	1
The agents will make more than routine inquiries about such items as marital status and dependents.	they want to look at living standards and business assets.	1
Apple recently hired its first Japanese president, luring away an official of Toshiba's European operations, as well as a whole Japanese top-management team.	Earlier this year, it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer.	0
We're in no way committed to a deal going through at all.	We're not rushing into anything.	0
because of the company's share buy-back program.	Georgia Gulf had 24.9 million shares outstanding on average in the quarter, compared with 28.6 million in the third quarter of 1988.	0
A few years ago, the company voluntarily stopped selling "The Big Ear," a powerful microphone.	With its ability to pick up rustlings and flapping wings, "it was meant to be a toy for children for bird watching.	0
Decent life in the inner cities won't be restored unless the government reclaims the streets from the drug gangs.	Until then, the billions HUD spends on inner-city housing simply is wasted.	1
Both Philip Morris and Backer Spielvogel declined to comment.	A spokeswoman for Ogilvy & Mather said the agency doesn't comment on "idle speculation.	0
But many owners plan to practice frugality -- crossing out the old code and writing in the new one until their stock runs out.	Even print-shop operator Clay Smith of Naperville won't discard his old supply.	0
But U.S. intelligence, rather than rein in or cut loose its new spy, merely filed the report away.	Mr. Noriega's tips on emerging leftists at his school were deemed more important to U.S. interests.	1
Mr. Rockefeller, buried beneath a 180-foot-tall granite obelisk, didn't seem right for an ad either.	The oil magnate, who spent his later years passing out dimes to counter his penny-pinching image, "isn't terribly amusing.	1
No doubt, Mr. Dinkins has been a calming influence.	He is an avuncular figure who remembers the birthdays of colleagues' children, opens doors for women, and almost never has a bad word to say about anybody.	1
The plan calls for Cray Research holders to receive one share in the new company for every two shares held.	An estimated 14.7 million Cray Computer shares will be distributed.	1
There are also indications that the number of magazine entrepreneurs, traditionally depended upon to break new ground with potentially risky start-ups, are dwindling.	More than ever, independent magazines and small publishing groups are being gobbled up by larger publishing groups, such as American Express Publishing Corp., a unit of American Express Co., and Conde Nast Publications Inc., a unit of Advance Publications Inc., which are consolidating in order to gain leverage with advertisers.	0
Companies that only recently were thriving find themselves scrambling to survive.	As their varied strategies suggest, there is more than one way to respond to a disaster.	0
By his moderate Republican heritage as well as the warnings of political advisers who say the issue is vital to younger voters, the president might seem to have at least some sympathy with abortion-rights arguments..Yet he is also firmly bound by his hard-line rhetoric and promises he made to anti-abortion activists during his long pursuit of the White House.	On many issues -- flag-burning, for instance -- his keen political sensitivities overcome such conflicts.	0
Chemical Waste Management posted the biggest increase in short volume on the New York exchange, up 3,383,477 shares to 5,267,238.	Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., the entity formed from the recent acquisition of Squibb Corp. by Bristol-Myers Co., logged the largest volume decline, 7,592,988 shares, to 12,017,724.	0
Those who bought that illusion are now bewildered.	Eight months after Gen. Boris Gromov walked across the bridge into the U.S.S.R., a Soviet-controlled regime remains in Kabul, the refugees sit in their camps, and the restoration of Afghan freedom seems as far off as ever.	1
By move 21, D.T. had fallen into a deep positional trap..It allowed Mr. Kasparov to exchange his dark-squared bishop for one of D.T.'s knights.	Bishops usually are worth slightly more than knights, but in this case Mr. Kasparov was left with a very dangerous knight and D.T.'s surviving bishop was reduced to passivity.	1
the departures of names isn't likely to hurt its underwriting capacity, currently about #11 billion.	the drain of funds has been offset by an increase in investments by the remaining names.	1
Nutmeg Industries lost 1 3/4 to 14.	Raymond James & Associates in St. Petersburg, Fla., lowered its third-quarter earnings estimate for the company, according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report.	1
We found a market niche.	It's truly entrepreneurial.	0
But the shortages also spawned rampant speculation and spiraling prices.	To stem speculation, Beijing imposed ceiling prices that went into effect earlier this year.	1
Within the building-materials group, Georgia-Pacific climbed 1 1/4 to 58 and Louisiana-Pacific added 1 to 40 3/4 after Merrill Lynch recommended the forest-products issues.	CalMat advanced 2 3/4 to 28 3/4, Lone Star Industries gained 1 3/4 to 29 1/4, Lafarge rose 1 to 19 1/2, Southdown added 5/8 to 24 5/8 and Eljer Industries rose 1 1/4 to 24 7/8.	0
the recent decline in copper stocks was misleading in the face of a slowdown in manufacturing.	traders could have picked up signals of an imminent price decline had they been watching the scrap metal markets, which became noticeably weaker two to three weeks ago.	1
Automotive sales jumped 16% to $791 million, mainly because of higher sales of air bags and other passenger restraint systems.	The group had an operating profit of $65 million, against a loss of $13 million a year earlier.	1
However, about 120 employees will be affected by the agreement.	it will attempt to place the employees within the company, IBM or other companies in Memphis.	1
Reports of Dr. Toseland's findings in the British press have triggered widespread concern among diabetics there.	Both the British Diabetic Association and the Committee on Safety in Medicines -- Britain's equivalent of the U.S. FDA -- recently issued statements noting the lack of hard scientific evidence to support Dr. Toseland's findings.	1
In July, 11 NFL owners, almost all of them new, blocked an effort to install Jim Finks as a replacement for retiring league commissioner Pete Rozelle.	Mr. Finks is perceived by some owners as a standard-bearer for the Old Guard.	1
One she made into a topiary rec room, replete with plants shaped into a Barcalounger, TV, piano and chairs..In another, she requisitioned topiary MX missile cones -- costing $10,000 each -- in heights up to 20 feet..Another she stuffed with eight "rectilinear hedges" for a topiary geometry lesson in the right-angling of plants..In the herbal lounge she specified a "plaid knot garden" decor.	She ordered the foyer done in a different plaid planting.	0
that Elizabeth Taylor, a client, "hates being called `Liz.	If directors or producers phone me and say they know `Liz, ' I know they've never met her.	1
But after years of using the issue for its benefit, the GOP finds its candidates on the defensive.	New Jersey gubernatorial candidate Rep. James Florio pointedly returned from campaigning to vote against the president yesterday in contrast with his opponent, GOP Rep. James Courter, who has ardently supported abortion restrictions in the past but was absent.	0
In the August proxy material, Avery said that unless it sold Uniroyal, its ability to service debt would be hurt and Avery's shareholder value would "continue to erode.	Until Avery makes an acquisition, Messrs..Peltz and May will waive their direct salaries and bonuses, the company said.	0
The top fifth of all families got 44% of the income, up from 41.5% a decade earlier.	The bottom fifth of all families got 4.6% of the income, down from 5.2% a decade earlier.	0
One bank stock was a winner.	BanPonce jumped 4 1/2 to 47 3/4 after agreeing to be acquired by Banco Popular de Puerto Rico for $56.25 a share.	0
nobody really knows how much money bogus telemarketing operators really harvest.	I've heard that there is $40 billion taken in nationwide by boiler rooms every year.	0
seven were hospitalized.	Metal racks on the plant floor fell over.	0
Some foodstuff shipments will probably resume Thursday.	Right now most of the roads into the Bay area are closed, but the list of closings changes about every 20 minutes.	0
We had intercepted during the year an estimated $5 billion street value of cocaine.	I don't know how much got through.	0
We just don't have the staff to {deliver} it, nor do we have the space or the time.	It's the overload problem and the weight problem we have.	0
Take the "credit enhancements," which typically include a bank letter of credit or insurance from a bond-insurance company.	The letter of credit typically is not offered by the bank selling the assets to back the securities.	0
The blue-collar worker who decides to start a business will listen and take advice.	His humility gives him a much better chance of success.	1
it should be required reading for every college president.	It chronicles how, over a period of a dozen years, Southern Methodist University bought its way to football respectability in the Southwest Conference, only to find itself trapped and strangled by the athlete-payoff system it created.	1
its international clients are keeping mergers and acquisitions partners busy.	European companies are looking to buy American ones.	1
As part of its offer, Manville said it requested changes in some covenants between it and the trust to allow Manville to "reflect a more typical corporate ownership and financial structure.	A Manville spokesman wouldn't elaborate on the proposed changes.	0
Today, Morgenzon is a town of 800 whites and two paved roads.	Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks, and many houses and storefronts are empty.	0
I was appalled to read the misstatements of facts in your Oct. 13 editorial "Colombia's Brave Publisher.	It is the right-wing guerrillas who are aligned with the drug traffickers, not the left wing.	1
that you can't steer..And neither can your pilot.	You can go only up or down and ride the air currents.	0
Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration.	The normal term for the 1986 and 1987 model 323 is two years or 24,000 miles.	0
And somebody loses on the expected repeal of Section 89, the benefits test fought by most employers.	software producers had each invested hundreds of thousands of dollars in programs that now have no use.	1
But low-priced and middle-priced furriers like Mr. Purnick say imports have cut their sales.	A woman who once would have saved for two or three seasons to buy a U.S.-made mink can now get an imported mink right away for less than $2,000.	1
In other European markets, share prices closed sharply higher in Frankfurt and Zurich and posted moderate rises in Stockholm, Amsterdam and Milan.	Paris closed lower.	0
The downturn in total value may be only temporary.	that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 "has become more of a strategic priority, both for companies inside and outside the European Community.	1
that last week a customer discovered two flaws in its 80486 microprocessor chip's "floating-point unit", a set of circuits that do certain calculations.	On Friday, Intel began notifying customers about the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations.	1
Shortageflation," as economists have come to call it, had gone hyper.	The cost of raising a pig kept bounding ahead of the return for selling one.	0
but the new company reported third-period earnings for both companies.	For the fourth quarter, Bristol-Myers Squibb will report one set of earnings.	0
union perks had simply gotten out of hand.	They are "at the base of all of the problems of corruption.	0
But General Motors dropped 1 7/8 to 44 7/8.	Its GM Hughes Electronics and financial-services units both reported that third-quarter earnings were down from a year earlier.	0
Their effort has received a lukewarm response from the Justice Department.	We do not feel that seats are reserved (for patent lawyers).	0
Then, to make these gardenettes quite literally rooms, Ms. Bartlett had thrown up windowless walls (brick, lattice, hedge) eight to 10 feet tall, casting her interiors into day-long Stygian shade.	It was hard to see how photosynthesis would ever happen in South Gardens without decking the walls in a Christmas-like array of Gro-Lites.	1
If it goes capitalist, and increases trade with West Germany, it will convert itself, willy-nilly, into an economic annex of the Federal Republic.	There's a certain cruel logic at work here: It's particularly appropriate -- and tragic -- that the land that produced Karl Marx should prove socialism's failure in an experiment that uses its own people as controls.	1
Many Atlantans thought Pittsburgh was an unworthy heir.	A columnist in the Atlanta Journal and Constitution wrote: "Who did the research for this report?.Two guys from Gary, Ind.	0
A mile and a half away looms the 150-foot-tall rig of the Sniper, due to be pumping by December.	Talk is that everybody is going to drill more wells.	0
Sen. Strom Thurmond (R., S.C.) recently urged fellow lawmakers to revive a broad federal death penalty.	The ultimate punishment will protect the law-abiding from the vicious, cruel individuals who commit these crimes.	1
It's going to be a sensational thing," says Mr. Krishnamurthy of P&G in Bombay.	Says psyllium exporter Mr. Patel: "I just got back yesterday from the U.S..In the newspapers, on the radio and TV, psyllium is everywhere.	0
Unlike the U.S., Britain never achieved even a momentary reduction in real wages.	The wage stickiness, which OECD studies confirm is particularly high in Britain, gives its economy a structural bias toward inflation.	0
the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last.	If holders avoid tendering to Paribas they can expect strong dividends again next year.	0
But since the time of Darwin, we humans could at least claim a sort of natural necessity for the existence of our species.	Aren't we, after all, the inevitable culmination of that stately pageant called evolution.	1
A year earlier, the savings bank had earnings of $8.1 million, or 33 cents a share.	For the nine months, it had a loss of $58.3 million, or $2.44 a share, after earnings of $29.5 million, or $1.20 a share, in the 1988 period.	0
The selection of Mr. Krenz may also disappoint Moscow.	Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev has pressed hard for a change in East Germany's rigid stance.	1
We'll leave them alone.	We just want to have our own cup of tea.	0
She urges client couples to begin a "detoxification" period, purging social and other nonproductive activities and setting time apart for themselves.	Putting those times on the calendar is as important as remembering business appointments.	1
There is evidence to support that view.	Eighty-three years ago, William James wrote to H.G. Wells: "The moral flabbiness born of the exclusive worship of the bitch goddess success . . . that, with the squalid cash interpretation put on the word success, is our national disease But if it was the national disease in 1906, it is today the national commonplace..If there is no law against it, do it..If the law leaves loopholes, use them..If there is no moral prohibition that expressly forbids it, full speed ahead..And if you are caught or if people complain, simply argue that "everyone does it" or "no one said I shouldn't " and brazen it out..As a last recourse, when all else has failed and you are pinned, apologize for having disappointed those who trusted you but deny having actually done anything wrong. (See, for instance, Jim Bakker's remarks upon being sentenced to prison this Tuesday for defrauding the faithful.) Consider the troubling dissonance between Mr. Shevardnadze's speech of confession this week and the hang-tough defense of everyone concerned with the Iran-Contra affair..The Soviet foreign minister publicly concedes that his government "violated norms of behavior" in Afghanistan and just plain lied about the radar station..We have people in high place still lying through their teeth about Iran-Contra, and that apparently isn't going to change..For that matter, those long ago identified as liars are still given respectful hearings in the press.	0
Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue.	It's a bottom-line issue.	1
Contrasts predictably accumulate: First the music is loud, then it becomes soft, then (you realize) it becomes louder again.	The Fourth Knee Play," an interlude from "Einstein on the Beach," is like a toccata but it doesn't seem to move much beyond its left-hand ground in "Three Blind Mice.	0
Many agencies roll over their debt, paying off delinquent loans by issuing new loans, or converting defaulted loan guarantees into direct loans.	In any case, they avoid having to write off the loans.	1
It follows the same pattern as his tax returns.	He waits to talk about it until after he gets caught.	0
Stop orders tell a floor broker to buy or sell an investment once the price reaches a certain level.	Once the price reaches that level, a stop order turns into a market order, and the order is filled at whatever price the broker can get.	1
the three independent directors provided for in the offer would be designated by the current board.	The successors would be nominated by the independent directors.	0
the drug, called FK-506, could revolutionize the transplantation field by reducing harmful side effects and by lowering rejection rates.	Rejection has been the major obstacle in the approximately 30,000 organ transplants performed world-wide each year.	1
Mr. Ty lost control to the government in 1980 when a government bank made emergency loans to the cash-strapped institution.	In 1983, the loans were converted into equity, giving Manila 98% of the bank, but with the understanding that Mr. Ty had repurchase rights.	0
the inactivation of tumor-suppressor genes, alone or in combination, appears crucial to the development of such scourges as cancer of the brain, the skin, kidney, prostate, and cervix.	that if people inherit defective versions of these genes, they are especially prone to cancer, perhaps explaining, finally, why some cancers seem to haunt certain families.	1
his experiment was "very erratic.	It would go along doing nothing but dissociating the heavy water and then at totally unpredictable times, it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 10 or 11 hours before quieting down.	1
Many investors are unaware their funds have borrowed to speculate in such a risky market.	If someone actually sat down and thought about what they were being sold they might shy away.	0
Still, complete and total segregation remains elusive.	Just beyond the city limits is a shantytown of 2,000 blacks who are employed throughout the area.	0
The mining zone has thus remained one of the most desolate places in Africa.	Ghost towns dot the Namib dunes, proving diamonds aren't forever.	0
Indeed, lower wages aren't enough to offset higher transport costs and lower productivity in the southern countries.	Increasing labor costs would only put the countries at a further disadvantage in competing in the barrier-free EC market planned for after 1992.	1
Earlier rate reductions in Texas and California reduced the quarter's revenue and operating profit $55 million.	a year earlier, operating profit in telephone operations was reduced by a similar amount as a result of a provision for a reorganization.	0
But the lack of lines became painfully apparent.	As the stock market lurched into a 190-point free fall on Oct. 13, Mr. Breeden found himself scurrying around the sixth floor of the SEC -- from his desk, where the New York Stock Exchange was on an open line, to his assistant's office, where the Commodity Futures Trading Commission was connected, to a third room, where a computer monitored market moves.	1
Sales fell 1.2% to $190.1 million from $192.5 million.	full-year earnings may be off 33 cents a share because the company removed a catheter from the market.	0
Since then, the government has left observers wondering if it ever meant to join.	Sir Alan assailed the monetary arrangement as "half-baked" in an article being published in an American economics journal.	1
if they don't lay out a half a million for this, another one will.	it's that competitive.	1
The Senate bill contains many provisions that will increase the costs of trading.	The most arbitrary of these is the imposition of "service fees," which will directly widen the cost spread between U.S. and foreign markets..Other provisions have a more subtle, but nonetheless real and detrimental effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges..These include the extension of liability into areas beyond those established by judicial precedent and the expansion of liability to include punitive damages..In addition to increasing costs as a result of greater financial exposure for members, these measures could have other, far-reaching repercussions..One section of the bill would make all commodity brokerage firms and floor brokers liable for damages without willful misconduct..Nowhere in the federal securities law is simple negligence or inadvertent action a source of liability under similar circumstances..It is only logical to assume that the enactment of this provision will lead to increased litigation..In an already low-profitmargin business, commodity brokerage firms may well decide to eliminate the risk and expense of dealing with the retail public, depriving the private individual of access to the markets..Another measure makes commodity brokerage firms liable for violations committed by independent floor brokers who execute trades for them..This untried concept would expose these firms to potentially astronomical punitive damages..Faced with the virtually impossible task of supervising the execution of each trade, many commodity brokerage firms are likely to stop doing business with independents and instead hire their own salaried floor brokers..This would force out of business many of the individuals and small firms that function as floor brokers..A consequence of their departure could be a serious diminution of market liquidity..Finally, under the bill, a number of legitimate, longstanding business practices would be arbitrarily banned, unless the CFTC were to take specific and timely action to permit them to continue..In other words, regulation will occur through inaction and happenstance, rather than through a normal deliberative procedure..The affected practices include the placing of oral orders, which is the way most public customer orders are placed, and trading between affiliated brokers, even though in some cases trading with affiliates may be the only way to obtain the best execution for a client..Also precluded would be dual trading, whereby a broker trades for customers as well as his own account, a practice that provides needed liquidity to the markets.	0
Long-term support for the December contract was believed to be at $1.25 a pound.	there were a number of stop-loss orders under that level that were touched off when the contract's price fell below it.	1
But it could also help American companies, which also are starting to try to open the market.	As with many other goods, the American share of Japan's PC market is far below that in the rest of the world.	1
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A fell 1 3/4 to 20 3/4.	The company said it had been notified unofficially that Waertsilae Marine Industries, a Finnish shipyard building three cruise ships for the company, is having financial trouble and may already have filed for bankruptcy.	1
And Navigation Mixte has a huge hidden attraction.	Payment by Allianz for the insurance interests it has just bought will help swell the French concern's treasury to an estimated 11 billion francs.	0
Futures prices extended Tuesday's gains.	The March delivery ended with an advance of 0.16 cent a pound to 14.27 cents, for a two-day gain of 0.3 cent.	1
Mr. Johnson expects that proportion to continue.	Plans to dissolve many of the trade barriers within Europe in 1992 creates significant opportunities for the company.	1
They tried to put Mr. Maynard out of business by an act of Congress.	Egg-industry lobbying helped persuade six states to ban Mr. Maynard's automatic egg-breaking machine because of fears over salmonella.	0
But GAF's bellwether role was short-lived.	The first GAF trial ended in a mistrial after four weeks when U.S. District Judge Mary Johnson Lowe found that a prosecutor improperly, but unintentionally, withheld a document.	1
The "seismic" activity of a financial market bears a resemblance to the seismic activity of the earth.	When things are quiet (low volatility), the structures on which markets stand can be relatively inefficient and still perform their functions adequately.	0
Instead, they are spending to reinforce the identity that they believe attracts their customers.	More rooms aren't the answer for us.	1
toward a possible recession.	In addition to softer production data, weaker housing starts and lower corporate profits currently in evidence, some analysts believe the two recent natural disasters -- Hurricane Hugo and the San Francisco earthquake -- will carry economic ramifications in the fourth quarter.	1
The gross national product report is expected to show that the economy continued to expand in the third quarter at a moderate pace.	The consensus of economists polled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report calls for a 2.5% annual growth rate for GNP during the quarter.	0
The inquiry soon focused on the judge.	Even his routine business transactions caused trouble, according to the grand jury report.	1
This measure had dropped sharply in August.	that as a result of a new adjustment to the formula used to calculate the index, the influence of this component has been reduced.	0
The fitness craze itself has gone soft.	Fewer people said they were working up a sweat with such activities as jogging, tennis, swimming and aerobics..Half of those surveyed said they simply walk these days for exercise.	0
It could cost taxpayers $15 million to install and BPC residents $1 million a year to maintain.	South Gardens, as now planned, will die from congestive garden design.	0
But some so-called high-quality junk issues fell as some mutual funds sold their most liquid issues to raise cash.	RJR Holdings Capital Corp. 's 14.7% bonds due 2009 fell one point.	0
As hamburger and pizza outlets saturate one area after another, franchisers are struggling desperately for market share, slashing prices and stepping up costly promotions.	The fight is putting a tight squeeze on profits of many, threatening to drive the smallest ones out of business and straining relations between the national fast-food chains and their franchisees.	1
B.A.T Industries may delay part of its defensive restructuring plan.	the recent turmoil in financial markets.	1
virtually every auto maker wants to sell here.	For every brand like Renault or Fiat that has been squeezed out, others such as Isuzu, Daihatsu and Mitsubishi have come in.	1
But Kenneth Leon, a telecommunications analyst with Bear, Stearns & Co., finds the BellSouth proposal still flawed because the company doesn't have to wait five years to begin buying more LIN shares.	How many shares will be around in 1995.	1
The downside is very considerable, and at the moment the upside is very marginal.	If profits don't improve he may quit the exchange.	1
and crippled much of the continent's tourist industry.	The only people who are flying are those who have to.	0
This was too much for James Oakes, the court's chief judge.	In a powerful separate opinion, Judge Oakes further distinguished the Salinger case by pointing out that a living person, like Mr. Salinger, had privacy rights that did not apply to a dead man, like Mr. Hubbard.	1
The powerful Democrat had first wanted to add language relaxing environmental restrictions on two mills on the Hamakua coast that are threatening to close.	When this plan met resistance, it was agreed instead to take money from HUD to subsidize needed improvements in two settling ponds for the mills, which employ an estimated 1,500 workers, according to Mr. Inouye's office.	0
It means it is virtually impossible to fire or even transfer incompetent principals.	Once they are in the building, they stay.	0
There's no more growth in the tax business {except} for increasing prices.	The CompuServe subsidiary is "where the growth is.	0
Mr. Lawson and his European-minded colleagues want the British pound formally tied to the West German mark.	Sir Alan considers this an ill-advised and costly policy.	0
The two lawmakers sparred in a highly personal fashion, violating usual Senate decorum.	Their tone was good-natured.	0
The odds of the dire predictions about us being right are small.	that it is better positioned than most companies for the coming overcapacity because its individual mills can make more than one grade of paper.	0
Sea Containers, which unveiled a proposed restructuring, advanced 1 to 62.	it would repurchase half of its common shares at $70 each, sell an estimated $1.1 billion in assets and pay a special preferred-stock dividend to common-stock holders.	1
On the way home it took concentrated effort to keep that car pointed south.	My mind was miles north at a place called Coogan's Bluff, where a real sports hero had captured the imagination of a kid who never fully grew up and is all the richer for it.	1
the Beebes' symptoms were not related to the carpeting.	that ill effects from new carpets manifest themselves immediately but that the Beebes' symptoms appeared months later.	1
But Mr. Rey brought about a merger in the next few years between the country's major producers.	the increased efficiency has perked up the industry.	1
Under those measures, financial institutions would be restricted from owning any more real estate than they need for their business operations.	Banks, investment and credit firms would be permitted to own land equivalent in value to 50% of their capital -- currently the proportion is 75%.	0
I have no regrets about going forward.	We are the Golden State and there is a certain amount of jealousy.	1
most of the troubled assets are apartment complexes, shopping malls and other commercial real estate.	about half are in California, with the rest scattered across the country.	0
In a typical year, up to 20% of the work force goes to personnel specialists with complaints of unfair treatment.	In a large company that means many hundreds of complaints for personnel to handle.	0
Last year, Pennsylvania Supreme Court Justice John P. Flaherty called Mr. O'Kicki one of the finest judges "not only in Pennsylvania but in the United States.	Clearly, the judge has had his share of accomplishments.	1
the company was "moving forward with our financing.	that "hopefully LIN will conduct a fair auction.	1
Mr. Falls, the Goodman's artistic director, took a recent adaptation by Neil Bartlett and significantly adapted it.	Mr. Bartlett had slimmed Moliere's cast of characters to six and set them in the London media world of Thatcherite Britain..Mr. Falls transfers the setting to Hollywood, and transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- agents, producers, actors, writers and sycophants.	0
More dual-career couples also are getting help, with men increasingly bringing their working wives for joint counseling.	The level of stress for a woman is often so high, it's the husband who says, 'I'm worried about her.	1
For the past couple of years, Westmoreland has undertaken an aggressive streamlining of all aspects of its business.	Marginal operations and assets have been sold.	0
the contract has been modified.	This modification, apparently, would permit the French merchant to deliver this cocoa, if necessary, against existing short positions.	1
that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $3 billion without the Rome-based management's approval.	State-owned BNL, Italy's largest bank, has filed charges against the branch's former manager, Christopher Drogoul, and a former branch vice president, alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties.	1
He will concentrate on, among others, J.P. Morgan and Hyundai.	Mr. Achenbaum helped Morgan in its recent agency search, and he has a long relationship with Hyundai, which is having severe troubles, including declining sales.	1
Lower yields are just reflecting lower short-term interest rates.	Money funds invest in such things as short-term Treasury securities, commercial paper and certificates of deposit, all of which have been posting lower interest rates since last spring.	1
that only a few of the quake-related campaigns have been "tasteless" and that "the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help.	We don't consider that ambulance chasing.	1
An accountant did not review the seller's books before buying a business.	I was naive.	0
It wasn't clear how the ownership would stack up under the new plan, but employees would keep more than 50%.	Management's total could be reduced, and the public could get more than the 15% control that had been earmarked for British Air.	0
it will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses.	it will look at opportunities in brewing, property and energy resources to the extent consistent with the dominant objective of manageable debt-to-assets ratios.	0
that the main points of a compromise defense authorization bill, hammered out during a flurry of private meetings over the past few days, provide a face-saving compromise for both the White House and House Democrats.	Although conferees are still putting the finishing touches on the package, the final agreement could be announced as early as tomorrow.	1
But funds generally are better prepared this time around.	As a group, their cash position of 10.2% of assets in August is 14% higher than two years earlier.	0
Lackluster returns are one reason.	The average after-tax return on investment in 1986, the most recent year for which results are available, was 6.5%, according to Chatset Ltd., an insurance consulting firm in London.	0
Developers are also forming more joint ventures with pension funds and insurance companies that can finance big projects.	The builders are more willing to give up some equity and rely on management and consulting fees to stay afloat in the soft market.	1
These were only two of a series of fabrications that had, in Judge Kozinski's words, the cumulative effect of making Mr. Masson "appear more arrogant, less sensitive, shallower, more self-aggrandizing, and less in touch with reality than he appears from his own statements.	As Robert Coles wrote in a review of Ms. Malcolm's book, Mr. Masson emerges "as a grandiose egotist . . . and, in the end, a self-destructive fool..But it is not Janet Malcolm who calls him such: his own words reveal this psychological profile.	1
but I can assure you I will not.	I am aware we have real budgetary problems.	1
but one it must shoulder alone in the East Bloc.	When Poland moves to reform, it can at least lean on its past.	1
Everywhere, Kidder stresses the "always working" theme.	A new in-house magazine, Kidder World -- which will focus on the firm's synergy strategy, says Mr. Carpenter -- confides that on weekends Mr. Newquist "often gets value-added ideas while flying his single-engine Cessna Centurion on the way to Nantucket.	0
The bill also provides $620.5 million to meet U.S. contributions to international organizations and $80 million for peace-keeping activities.	Both accounts reflect significant increases from fiscal 1989.	0
Instead of paying for parking by putting money in the existing machines drivers would be able to buy electronic cards in local tobacco shops.	Once activated, the card would sit in the car's window, showing traffic wardens how much time the motorist could remain.	0
Indeed, in early October the West German central bank raised its discount and Lombard rates by a full percentage point.	Several other European central banks, notably in Britain, followed the West German Bundesbank's lead by raising their own key rates.	0
Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson downplayed the importance of the announcement, and called any comparison between the coming beer-industry tiff and the seemingly unending "cola wars," unwarranted.	discounting "a loser's game for anyone without a dominant market share that Anheuser's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price-cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle.	1
On the other hand, so long as Mr. Gorbachev is easing his grip on his empire, everyone we've heard agrees that the U.S. can benefit by engaging him.	If a deal can be made to cut the world's Ortegas loose from Moscow, why not.	1
Judge Sentelle, of the appeals court in Washington, made this point at a Cato Institute conference last week in a remarkable speech titled, "RICO: The Monster That Ate Jurisprudence.	He said ours is supposed to be "a government of laws not of men," and yet RICO defenders "tell us that we should rely on prosecutorial discretion to protect against overbreadth of RICO.	0
that Michael Foods is misunderstood.	This is a growth company in the packaged food industry -- a rare breed, like finding a white rhino.	1
University professors and consultants with scientific credentials saw a huge market for their services evaporate when price decontrol destroyed the energy crisis and thus the demand for "alternative energy.	They needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts.	1
Still, a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares.	The primary overriding thing is that people are frightened.	1
They {BankAmerica} continue to show good performance.	In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, BankAmerica common stock edged up 12.5 cents to close at $32 a share.	0
More recently, property rates have increased.	the San Francisco earthquake will cause the industry to boost rates even further.	0
Mr. Jones calls the ranch "the Pentagon of Sportdom.	It is a maze of halls that connects film rooms, elaborate spas and weight-training centers that testify to a richer, more free-spending era.	1
$60.3 million of the proceeds were used to prepay the remaining amounts on the note outstanding to National Intergroup Inc., the parent of National Steel.	Remaining proceeds were used to pay other debt and to finance the company's capital spending program.	0
Philip Morris seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country.	that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low, although its array of brands blanket supermarket shelves.	0
Marlin Fitzwater, White House press secretary, also asserted that Mr. Agnos had failed to return telephone calls from John Sununu, White House chief of staff.	We regret very much that the mayor of San Francisco has decided not to cooperate with us on this matter in making sure that there is adequate federal support for the disaster in his city," Mr. Fitzwater said.	0
Who wants to be a public shareholder investing in a company controlled by the pilots' union.	Who would the board be working for -- the public shareholders or the pilots.	1
This hasn't been Kellogg Co. 's year.	The oat-bran craze has cost the world's largest cereal maker market share..The company's president quit suddenly..And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $1 billion cereal plant.	1
to invest heavily in computer systems over the next few years, and many companies expect that field to provide substantial revenue.	In the near future, it will be a big market, not just for waterworks, but for all mapping systems.	0
Warner denies Mr. Ross ever said any such thing, and, in fact, denies virtually everything Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say in their affidavits.	Tomorrow, Warner will file another batch of documents contending that "the essence of everything these guys are saying is basically lies.	1
Both can be expected to go after the market aggressively.	the Digital gets 30% of its revenue from the manufacturing market, and Hewlett-Packard gets 50%.	1
Under the proposed combination, Marsh & McLennan would gain a majority stake in Gradmann & Holler that would increase over time to the rest of the remaining 85%.	The three managing general partners would receive a "significant" number of Marsh & McLennan shares.	0
testimony by Kodak's patent counsel, Francis T. Carr of Kenyon & Kenyon, showed that "he worked with Kodak continuously from the outset of the project" in an effort to avoid infringement.	Carr told Kodak on many occasions to avoid various features because of Polaroid's patent positions," and Kodak followed his advice in every instance.	0
The Red Cross has been helping people for 125 years.	New York Life has been doing the same for over 140 years.	0
The biggest wild card in the brand loyalty game: How those hotly pursued but highly unpredictable baby boomers will behave as they move into middle age.	They grew up with more brand choices than any generation and have shown less allegiance so far.	1
Japanese corporations' reputation as hi-tech powerhouses is only half right.	Their factories may look like sets for a Spielberg movie, but their offices, with rows of clerks hunched over ledgers and abacuses, are more like scenes from a Dickens novel.	1
Cynthia Strickland as the long-suffering Varvara is a tiresome whiner, not the inspirational counterrevolutionary Gorky intended.	Better to look in the corners for performances that inspire or amuse.	1
Amid the market disorder, even Drexel, which has the widest and most loyal following of junk bond investors, is pulling in its horns.	Although the big investment bank still dominates the junk market, Drexel has been unable to stem the fallout from growing junk bond defaults, withdrawn new offerings, redemptions by shareholders in junk bond mutual funds and an exodus of once-devoted investors.	1
In the San Francisco area, roughly 800,000 barrels a day of crude is processed daily, according to industry data.	For more than the past year, even the rumor of a major West Coast refinery shutdown has been enough to spark a futures rally because the gasoline market is so tight.	1
The owners are trying to boost profit in other ways, too.	Many have launched promotions to attract new fans and are renegotiating dated stadium contracts.	0
AGIP refused to reconsider.	It's unlikely extracting the gas will cause subsidence.	1
These rate indications aren't directly comparable.	lending practices vary widely by location.	1
She can stay there with no heat, but for a parakeet, that can be deadly.	A warm foster home has been found.	1
Increasingly, the financial markets are reflecting the gloom.	The Financial Times 100-share index has dropped about 12% from its 1989 high of 2423.9 on Sept. 8.	0
Yet the heavy-handedness of the satire also can be effective in a book like this.	If the head of AIW were not portrayed as an utterly contemptible, malicious dolt, we would not much care whether his schemes were defeated, and would not be so diverted in the process.	1
The immediate target of Rep. Gonzalez's inquiry is Danny Wall, chairman of the Office of Thrift Supervision.	As the principal regulator of the thrift industry, Mr. Wall delayed seizing Lincoln S&L for more than two years after his staff told him that the California thrift was insolvent and that potential losses to taxpayers were growing rapidly.	1
But Sen. Mitchell strongly disagreed.	Mr. Mitchell has been predicting that the president's initiative would fail this year.	0
the explosions began when a seal blew out.	Dozens of workers were injured.	1
that the Beijing government has taken "many effective measures" to stop the mushroom contamination and is further investigating the underlying causes.	the problem will be solved "very soon.	1
UAL Corp. is a good example.	Valued as a buy-out target, the airline stock was trading at nearly $280 a share..When the deal ran into trouble, the stock tumbled; it closed at $198 yesterday.	1
Ten years ago, a physician would go to a town and take out a loan (to start a practice).	They won't do that very often today at all.	0
In magazines, higher advertising revenues at Sports Illustrated and Fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines.	The programming division saw a decline in operating cash flow because the year-ago quarter included a $12 million dividend from Turner Broadcasting System and because the quarter includes expenses associated with the Nov. 15 launch of HBO's Comedy Channel.	0
Securities analysts believe more jolts lie ahead.	Fuel and personnel costs are rising, and tourism in and through Hong Kong remains clouded by China's turmoil since the June 4 killings in Beijing.	1
The Soviet Union has a lot of know-how, but it has been difficult to put that into actual production because of various structural problems in the economy.	The Soviets are "contemplating a flexible system under which it would be possible to develop {technology} jointly and even to market it jointly.	1
An increase in production at some major oil fields in the North Sea, which had been knocked out by an explosion in July 1988, also aided results.	The sale of a portion of refining and marketing operations to Saudi Arabia helped alleviate the decline in earnings from that business.	0
People are basically peddling a lot of fear," says Arthur Hauptman, a consultant to the American Council on Education in Washington.	He takes issue with projections that don't factor in students' own contribution.	1
AM stereo remains largely undeveloped because it lacks a uniform delivery system.	The National Association of Broadcasters in June adopted an agenda for revitalizing AM radio that includes, among other things, pursuing further FCC action on selecting an AM stereo standard and seeking a law requiring all stereo receivers to include AM stereo.	1
he expects the dollar to recover within the next three months to around 1.88 marks as U.S. economic data, particularly U.S. trade figures, level off.	that the Fed won't ease rates further, but predicted Bundesbank officials will relax key rates in West Germany.	1
Nora, who still has artistic aspirations, knows she is lucky to be working as a food stylist, prepping pies, burgers, frosty cold drinks and other comestibles to look as appetizing as possible in front of the camera.	After all there were housewives with Nikons and degrees from cooking schools in France who would kill for her job.	1
it means "that the Fed has a little leeway to ease its credit policy stance without the risk of rekindling inflation.	we will see a federal funds rate of close to 8 1/2% in the next two weeks and 8% by year end.	1
Last year, Dentsu started HDM, a joint network with U.S. ad agency Young & Rubicam and Eurocom of France.	A few months ago, Dentsu acquired 69% of Australian agency Fortune Communication Holdings Ltd. for 5.9 million Australian dollars (US$4.6 million).	0
I am determined to get an apartment in three years.	It's all I think about or talk about.	0
though many workers were forced to stay home because of damaged roadways.	others elected to take the day off.	0
But the market is changing.	The government is funding several projects to push PC use.	1
Aid was also the gist of the talks Sen. Dodd had with Salvadoran President Alfredo Cristiani.	Mr. Cristiani's government is very much at the mercy of U.S. largess and is forced to listen very carefully to Sen. Dodd's likes and dislikes.	1
According to executives close to the situation, Merksamer filed for Chapter 11 to speed the sale of the chain.	an accord signed by the unsecured creditors of L.J. Hooker Corp. had frozen in place all of L.J. Hooker's assets.	1
They are useful to call public attention to grievances, but they have little value in educating anyone about the issues in dispute.	The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns, militant gestures, accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics.	1
three-week-old talks by Lebanese lawmakers aimed at ending Lebanon's civil war appeared about to collapse.	Christian legislators are insisting on a Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon before agreeing to political changes giving the nation's Moslems a greater role in Beirut's government.	1
The culture is not ready to take off its clothes, lie down and be touched for an hour for $45.	The idea is to keep the clothes on and to keep people seated.	1
It's very costly and time-consuming.	One senior executive at his firm spends nearly 20% of his time on insurance.	0
Her new line of work has some perils.	Recently, a contractor saved her from falling three stories as she investigated what remained of an old Victorian house torched by an arsonist.	0
SCI TV's six stations once were part of Storer Communications.	KKR loaded up the cable and television company with debt in an 1985 buy-out.	0
The struggle over capital gains is the most important game in town.	In Washington and on Wall Street.	0
Sometimes at a reception or cocktail party I advance these views and people head for somebody else.	They don't even want to talk to you.	1
I think the next few quarters will be difficult.	Margins will remain under pressure, and when the new mainframe does ship, I'm not sure it will be a big winner.	1
But here is where the entrepreneur made a very risky bet, and where society was maybe foolish to look the other way.	The profit rate is still low and the Q ratio was only 65% in 1987 and 68.9% in 1988.	0
They worried about an Interior Department directive to log all communications with Members or their staffs.	Congress inserted the following into the Interior appropriation: "None of the funds available under this title may be used to prepare reports on contacts between employees of the Dept. of the Interior and Members and committees of Congress and their staff.	1
priced at 99.771 to yield 8.457%.	The issue was priced at a spread of 70 basis points above the Treasury's five-year note.	0
Producers Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer, who shepherded "Flashdance" through several scripts and ultimately produced the movie, bristle when Messrs..Guber and Peters take credit for the film.	The script was unreadable.	1
But if it survives, it could prompt other statutory changes.	It might force Congress and the states to narrow the death penalty only to convictions shown to be relatively free of racial imbalance.	0
Some adjusters, like Alan Singer of San Diego, had been working in Charleston for nearly four weeks.	He returned home last Thursday, packed a bag with fresh clothes and reported for duty Friday in Walnut Creek.	0
Sea Containers plans to sell $1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50% of its common shares for $70 each.	The company is trying to fend off a hostile bid by two European shipping firms.	1
A UAL statement after the market closed Monday indicated that the airline's board wanted to keep the company independent, effectively crushing hopes of an immediate buy-out.	Five minutes before the Big Board opened, a preliminary price was flashed for UAL -- somewhere between 135 and 155, a loss of as much as $43 a share from Monday's close.	0
One possible political solution would be for the commission to present the action program in late November, before the adoption of the charter at a summit of EC governments on Dec. 8 and 9.	This would leave Britain free to adopt the charter after having rebutted the action program.	1
that the volatile conditions created by program trading has "thoroughly confused" investors about where the market is headed.	Program trading is "benefiting a few to the detriment of many.	0
But another big problem has been the aging of baby boomers.	Skiing, after all, has mainly been for the young and daring and many baby boomers have outgrown skiing or have too many family responsibilities to stick with the sport.	1
it expects a return to profitability in the third quarter when it reports operating results this week.	the dividend was suspended in anticipation of more stringent capital requirements under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989.	0
that if stock-market volatility persists, the U.S. may lose its edge as being the best place to raise capital.	Japan's markets are more stable.	1
A non-invasive method is being researched by biophysicist Lynn Jelinski at the AT&T unit.	It relies on the fact that certain atoms give off detectable signals when subjected to an intense magnetic field.	0
In his affidavit filed yesterday, Warner's Mr. Ross indicated he isn't buying any such argument.	If Sony succeeds here, no written contract in Hollywood will be worth the paper it's written on.	1
Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public or otherwise don't use commissioned salesmen.	there is still a load -- annual administrative fees and initial "setup" charges -- but I figure that the lack of commission and of "surrender fees" for dropping the policy early still saves me a lot.	1
With congressional elections next year, GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum-wage rise for low-paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital-gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers.	Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue.	1
In July, Moody's downgraded $400 million of the company's debt, saying the bank holding company hadn't taken adequate write-offs against potential losses on real estate loans despite its second-quarter write-down.	Richard M. Greenwood, Valley National's executive vice president, said then that the company believed the write-downs were "adequate" and didn't plan to increase its reserves again.	0
AMR's earnings decline comes a year after the parent company of American Airlines and the rest of the airline industry set profit records.	Some analysts say the latest results only seem pale by comparison with a spectacular second half of 1988.	1
it doesn't grow fast enough for us.	We're looking for something that grows faster and sells at a comparable {price-earnings} multiple.	0
Moreover, the number of people who spontaneously cited lower prices as the reason for their interest in Sears declined to 16% in September from 33% in March.	Just 5% of the respondents mentioned brands in September, up slightly from 2% in March.	0
the $40 million will have no effect whatsoever on the asset structure of Eastern's plan.	Forty million in the total scheme of things is not that significant.	1
The stock split four-for-one on Oct. 10.	Mr. Miles's newly purchased shares are now worth $1,068,000, based on Philip Morris's closing price of $44.50.	1
erembal, the second-largest maker of food cans in France, had 1988 sales of $150 million.	Ferembal has 930 workers at four canning manufacturing plants and one plastic container facility.	0
It became apparent in hearings that there ought to be regulation of leveraged buy-outs of some sort.	in the airline business you can be totally laissez-faire because of the high degree of public interest" at stake.	1
Graham Pimlott, 40, was named to the new post of chief executive officer of the merchant-banking corporate-finance division.	Callum McCarthy, 45, was named to the new post of deputy head of the corporate-finance division and a managing director.	0
High-definition television promises to be the TV of tomorrow, so it is a natural multibillion-dollar market.	Although major U.S. manufacturers have all but ceded the main segment of that future business to Japan, not everyone here is ready to give up.	1
to worry anew about the latest reports on OPEC production.	An AP-Dow Jones survey of integrated oil companies, independent refiners, and oil industry consultants indicates that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries increased its production to 22.2 million barrels a day in September.	1
Cimflex Teknowledge rose 13/16, or 39%, to 2 7/8 on volume of 494,100 shares.	The maker of software products and services, which had a net loss in the 1988 third quarter, earned 200,000, or a penny a share, in this year's quarter.	1
In the coming months, however, this is likely to change.	Next month, Seagate Technology plans to introduce its first family of low-power drives for battery-operated computers.	1
Bigger rivals, such as Aetna and Allianz, backed by armies of statisticians using computers in hundreds of branches, operate more efficiently and often can offer lower rates.	Though Lloyd's pioneered such now-standard policies as worker's compensation insurance, burglary insurance for homeowners and businesses, and bankers' liability insurance, competitors now underwrite most of that business.	0
Investors will develop "thicker skins," and their confidence will return.	Friday's plunge was nothing more than a "tremendous reaction to leveraged buy-out stocks.	0
Japanese children are raised in a way many Americans would find severe.	After a wonderfully frivolous early childhood, they are exposed to rigid discipline as soon as they enter school.	0
That the motivation for the two-year reduction to 19.6% is budgetary does not mean it is not in the public interest.	The reduction eases the burden on portfolio changes and frees capital to seek more productive or more appropriate uses.	0
that Interstate 880 suffered serious damage while surrounding buildings appeared to sustain no damage whatsoever.	that "they were aware of the propensity for earthquakes and the San Andreas Fault.	0
that the Japanese generally have a positive view of the U.S. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline.	Possibly, they're waiting to buy at the (quarterly) refunding" of government debt to be held next month by the Treasury.	0
Shippers are saying `the party's over.	Shippers won't be able to look for transportation-cost savings as they have for the last eight or nine years.	1
Their report galvanized other molecular biologists.	It was the confirming evidence we all needed that {gene} losses were critical to the development of a common tumor.	1
Viacom officials declined to comment.	Jerome Kern, Tele-Communications' chief outside counsel, said he wasn't aware of Time's legal plans.	0
The result is that instead of the Pentagon's proposed split of 60-40 between domestic and foreign bases, the reduced funding is distributed by a ratio of approximately 70-30.	The extra margin for bases in the U.S. enhances the power of the appropriations committees.	1
In the end, Teddy returns alone to America, leaving Ruth in Max's chair.	We have seen her develop within a few hours from a shy and unknown in-law to a goddess of the flesh who will replace the dead mother, and then some.	1
More important than money in many cases are waivers California is seeking on current restrictions covering federal highway funds, such as a $100 million cap on how much any single state can receive in emergency funds in a year.	Mr. Whitten's package appears to accomplish this purpose, but the state faces more resistance in its bid for an extended waiver on having to put up any matching funds on repairs completed in the next six months.	0
The purchase strengthens San Jose, Calif.-based Businessland's links to the large corporations who are among the biggest buyers of computers.	Data Systems has five retail stores in the northeast, but specializes in selling personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp. and Apple Computer Inc. to banks, brokerage firms and other big businesses based in the New York metropolitan area.	1
But the government's action may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar.	they (GM) will let Ford have a free run.	1
And the failures make it possible for Warner in its current lawsuit to paint the producers as ingrates.	The studio says it stuck with them "even in the early years when the creative partnership was not particularly profitable for Warner.	0
The venture is part of a two-pronged effort to shore up a division that has posted continuing operating losses for several years.	The other element includes consolidating BethForge's press-forge operations.	0
but "basically, there's little analysis done on computers in Japan.	Of course, simply buying computers doesn't always solve problems, and many American companies have erred by purchasing technology they didn't understand.	0
By his own account, Mr. Dozen didn't do much better with U.S. bonds.	how after some training at Salomon Brothers Inc., he successfully bid for the opportunity to sell portions of 20 U.S. corporate bond issues..But he couldn't sell any.	0
Another reason for the weakness, he said, may be that mortgage rates have hit a plateau since they began edging down after a peak in March.	In August, rates on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages started creeping up a bit, but they inched down again through September.	1
Right now, the largest loan the FHA can insure in high-cost housing markets is $101,250.	Last week, housing lobbies persuaded Congress to raise the ceiling to $124,875, making FHA loans more accessible to the well-to-do.	0
Unfortunately, this problem continued even after Gen. Noriega's indictment.	Throughout 1988 and this year, I and others in Congress have pressed the U.S. to develop a plan for pushing this "narcokleptocrat" out of Panama.	1
Institutional investors have poured $210 billion into stock and bond indexing as a cheap and easy form of investment management that promises to post average market returns.	These big investors have flocked to indexing because relatively few "active" stock pickers have been able to consistently match the returns of the S&P 500 or other bellwethers, much less beat it.	0
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench.	The local American Legion color guard led the way.	0
Of course that wasn't the actual conversation the late anti-war activist, protest leader and founder of the Yippies ever had with his brother.	It's a script pieced together from interviews by CBS News for a re-enactment, a dramatic rendering by an actor of Mr. Hoffman's ultimately unsuccessful struggle with depression.	0
That would be a blow to both Paribas and Navigation Mixte.	Each had claimed Allianz, Europe's largest insurance company, as a tacit ally.	1
But under Alan Greenspan that has changed.	A supremely cautious man, the Fed chairman is forever blinking yellow.	1
big institutional investors, which he wouldn't identify, "told us they wouldn't do business with firms" that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts.	We were following the trend of our competitors who were under pressure from institutions.	1
Mr. Keteyian had to do most of his own digging on University of Nebraska football, which is, to date, high and dry as far as the NCAA is concerned.	Unfortunately, he gets low grades as an investigative reporter, relying heavily on what Chicago's late mayor, Richard J. Daley, called "insinuendo.	0
Despite higher oil prices, exploration and production profits were off because of foreign-currency losses and some construction costs incurred in one of Phillips' North Sea oil fields.	A year ago, results were buoyed by a $20 million after-tax gain from an asset sale.	0
UAL stock closed at $170 a share, down $8.375.	Volume was a tumultuous 4.9 million shares, or 22% of the 21.8 million UAL shares outstanding.	0
In the U.S., the search for oil had been headed toward environmentally sensitive areas believed to have vast reserves.	Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge alone is thought to hide more than three billion barrels of oil.	0
This is written to correct a misquotation in your Oct. 3 article "Deaths From Advanced Colon Cancer Can Be Reduced by Using Two Drugs.	In this article, I was alleged to have said, "Any patient with high-risk colon cancer is really getting short shrift if he's not getting this therapy.".I didn't say this, and I'm totally opposed to the philosophy expressed by the quote.	0
Microsoft's stock rose $2.875 a share in national over-the-counter trading to $78.625.	The stock had hit a high of $81 a share early last week but collapsed to $73.50 in the Friday stock plunge.	0
Weighing 6.7 pounds with battery, the notebook measures 8.2 by 11.7 inches, has a 20-megabyte hard disk drive and boasts a backlit screen that is 22% larger than Compaq's.	Its keyboard, according to industry consultants, is better than Compaq's, but its battery life of two to three hours is shorter.	0
Analysts have predicted strong pent-up demand for the new line among Digital's customers.	Large Digital buyers say the new VAX will let them stay with Digital when they need the power of a mainframe, instead of turning to IBM.	1
The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what Japan and other prospective competitors are spending.	that Japanese government and industry spending on HDTV research is already over $1 billion.	1
But the strategy can backfire.	if the ads appear too self-serving, the companies may end up looking like rank opportunists instead of good Samaritans.	1
Publishers will find that some magazines have served their purpose and should die.	Magazines could, like other brands, find that they have only a limited life.	0
For short-term gains, people were willing to put up with him..That allowed him to get stronger and stronger.	I don't think we created him as much as we fed him, nurtured him and let him grow up to be big and strong.	0
Each Japanese bank has its own judgment on the profits and risks in that {UAL} deal.	They are becoming more independent.	0
At least, that's a theme emerging among many money managers who are anxious both to preserve the handsome stock-market gains they have already achieved this year and to catch the next wave of above-average performers.	They are starting to buy growth stocks.	1
Another -- and critical -- factor is the U.S., Hong Kong's biggest export market.	Even before the China crisis, weak U.S. demand was slowing local economic growth.	1
Jeffrey, Peter and Joseph Jr. are brothers..William Coors is their uncle.	Jeffrey, Peter, Joseph Jr., William and Joseph Sr. constitute the company's board.	0
Moreover, Individual Inc. 's computers can weigh the value of an article based on how closely the story matches the subscriber's interest area.	It compares the position of key words in the story; words in the headline or first paragraph get a higher value.	1
Other provisions have a more subtle, but nonetheless real and detrimental effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges.	These include the extension of liability into areas beyond those established by judicial precedent and the expansion of liability to include punitive damages.	0
These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers, people who had no encouragement and little access to an education or training for a better life.	Following World War II, when one family with mechanized equipment could farm crops formerly requiring 20 families, the surplus people were dumped into the mainstream of society with no Social Security, no skills in the workplace, no hope for their future except welfare.	0
Further staff cuts are likely.	Obviously, we are looking at making economies across the board.	1
Those chains include Bloomingdale's, which Campeau recently said it will sell.	Other retail properties for sale include Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field, retailers now owned by B.A.T PLC, the British tobacco conglomerate.	0
and four that call it a hold.	None dare say to sell it.	0
They then began donating blood twice a week, receiving an EPO injection each time.	If tests indicated a low number of red cells, blood wasn't taken.	0
until the money market fund was created in the 1970s.	By 1980, there were more than 100 such funds.	1
Goldman Sachs's Mr. Einhorn, for one, subscribes to that scenario.	He suggests investors think about buying cyclical shares in the weeks ahead, as well as growth issues.	1
Guns were never used.	Each man was stabbed to death with a large knife.	0
the Hiroshima contract will help it secure pacts with other municipalities.	Japanese local governments are expected to invest heavily in computer systems over the next few years, and many companies expect that field to provide substantial revenue.	1
that there may be limits on how much the contract can grow because the Hong Kong dollar isn't a widely traded currency.	the contract will be considered a success if it starts trading 500 to 1,000 lots a day.	1
Laura Dale, center manager at the catalog company's customer order center in Reno, Nev., defends monitoring.	We like to follow up and make sure operators are achieving our standards of company service.	1
In over-the-counter trading Friday, Weisfield's gained $9.50 to $39..At that price, the company has an indicated value of $42.9 million.	Weisfield's had about 1.1 million shares outstanding as of July 31.	0
I doubt that.	Given Democratic frustration with the Reagan victories and Court appointments, the contingency plans in place, and Mr. Bork's paper trail of vulnerable writings, it was pretty clear that Judge Bork never stood much chance of being confirmed.	1
Why.	So far, Nissan's new-model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential.	1
the grand jury has asked numerous questions about Jacob F. "Jake" Horton, the senior vice president of Gulf Power who died in the plane crash in April.	Mr. Horton oversaw Gulf Power's governmental-affairs efforts.	0
Lloyd's is moving forward on some fronts, though.	the exchange is updating some procedures to make speedier payments on claims.	0
The meeting offered stark evidence of a dramatic fall in scientific interest in cold fusion research.	Of the 1,300 chemists registered for the society's weeklong meeting, fewer than 200 sat through the day and a half of cold fusion presentations at week's end.	1
Boston Safe Deposit's performance has been hurt this year by a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities.	The mismatch exposed the company to a high degree of interest-rate risk, and when rates moved unfavorably -- beginning late last year and continuing into this year -- "it cost them.	1
During the past 25 years, the number of balloonists (those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter-than-air test) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand, with some estimates running as high as 10,000.	Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S., including the world's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons, some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda, Garfield or a 12-story-high condom.	0
that 1989 would be "solidly profitable" for Westmoreland and that 1990 would bring "more of the same.	For all of 1988, the company reported an after-tax operating loss of $134,000 on revenue of $593.5 million.	0
many companies in disaster-prone areas are pondering the question of preparedness.	Some are dusting off their evacuation plans, checking food stocks and reminding employees of what to do if emergency strikes.	0
While people were jingling their change, the LDP politicians were caught in scandals.	Money and women seldom have caused political scandals in Japan.	0
But "safe," in the definition of Marie Bass of the Reproductive Health Technologies Project, means "there's been no evidence so far of mortality.	No one has researched the long-term effects of RU-486 on a woman's health or fertility.	0
West German bond prices ended lower after a day of aimless trading.	The benchmark 7% bond due October 1999 fell 0.20 point to 99.80 to yield 7.03%, while the 6 3/4% notes due July 1994 fell 0.10 to 97.65 to yield 7.34%.	0
The open-year accounting practice "is widely recognized within Lloyd's as of serious concern" to the 31,329 member investors.	The procedure causes "great uncertainty" because an investor can't be sure of his or her individual liability.	1
This year, a commission appointed by the mayor to revise New York's system of government completed a new charter, expanding the City Council to 51 from 35 members.	Sometime in 1991, as soon as the 1990 census becomes available, a redistricting panel will redraw the City Council district lines.	0
Carnival, for example, has already paid about $160 million of the total cost for Fantasy.	this may give it the right to seize the ship if the situation warrants it.	1
That's "not bad," Mr. Sit says, but it sure doesn't justify Block shares being priced at 15 to 16 times estimated earnings for fiscal 1990.	He wants stocks whose price/earnings ratio is less than their growth rate; as he figures it, H&R Block doesn't even come close.	0
So two weeks ago, thousands of Brooks Brothers charge customers -- customers conditioned to wait for twice-yearly clearance sales -- got a surprise: an invitation to come in and buy any one item for 25% off.	During the four-day promotion, shoppers at the Short Hills, N.J., store lined up to pay for big-ticket items like coats and suits.	1
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task, however, as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor, capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo.	If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system, he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition, and to re-establish control in Eastern Europe.	1
that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but don't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less.	the question won't be settled until the regulations are issued "shortly.	0
Moody's Investors Service Inc placed about $2.8 billion in company securities under review for possible downgrade.	Ratings under review are Ryder's A-1 collateral trust debentures, A-2 senior notes and bonds, A-2 preferred stock and the company's Prime-1 rating for commercial paper.	0
He phoned them with updates on the investment, such as "funny things that happened at the well that week.	You gave them some excitement that they didn't have in their lives.	1
Among active stocks, MCI Communications rose 7/8 to 43 on 2.2 million shares, Mentor Graphics added 1/8 to 16 3/8 on turnover of 1.5 million shares.	Apple Computer dropped 1 1/8 to 46 1/2 on one million shares.	0
The closeness of Soviet perestroika to the fascist social blueprint of Mussolini was evident when Mr. Gorbachev presented his economic vision to the Soviet Congress.	In doing so, he neither rejected a socialist planned economy nor embraced the free market.	1
As part of the move, its affiliated U.S. company, International Components Technology Corp., purchased a Mexican plant formerly belonging to KSI Disc Products Inc.	The price wasn't disclosed.	0
At San Francisco International Airport, shock waves wrecked the control tower, knocking down computers and shattering glass.	Offices of the city's Rent Board were destroyed.	0
In the asset-backed market, a big offering of Ford Motor Credit Corp. auto-loan securities was increased in size after strong institutional demand.	The deal by the Ford Motor Co. unit, priced Monday, was increased to $3.05 billion from $2.58 billion.	0
For the long-term investor who picks stocks carefully, the price volatility can provide welcome buying opportunities as short-term players scramble frantically to sell stocks in a matter of minutes.	Who can make the better decision, the guy who has 10 seconds to decide what to do or the guy with all the time in the world.	1
At least two years ago, the company put 60 million barrels of oil reserves on the block.	They were either too small or uneconomic to maintain.	1
She also frequently invites directors, producers, actors, writers and other show business people for "coffee and clips in the pleasure dome.	Guests bring movies on tape, and show their favorite three-to-five minute segments on the screen that unrolls from the ceiling of the Volokhs' art-nouveau library ("the pleasure dome").	0
He "will not be shaken out by external events, however surprising, alarming or vexing.	Continentals are unable to be butlers because they are as a breed incapable of the emotional restraint which only the English race are capable of.	1
Suddenly, on television, in advertisements and on their cereal boxes, Americans were inundated with news about the obscure seed.	The flood of claims and counter-claims worried consumers and actually hurt sales of the new cereals.	1
future restructuring would be a question of strategy.	We don't need the cash.	1
The third principal in the South Gardens adventure did have garden experience.	The firm of Bruce Kelly/David Varnell Landscape Architects had created Central Park's Strawberry Fields and Shakespeare Garden.	1
He established his reputation as a freespender in January last year at Sotheby's auction of the Linda and Gerald Guterman collection in New York.	There, on one of his first shopping trips, Mr. Paul picked up several paintings at stunning prices.	1
because it would result in a larger award.	it could have manufactured and sold all the instant cameras and film sold by Kodak if Kodak hadn't entered the market.	1
In both cases, Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover have been fighting ferociously over their shares of the pie.	With support from the IRS, Manufacturers Hanover has filed suit asking Judge Abramson to subordinate Minpeco's claim to those of Manufacturer Hanover and the IRS.	0
that, like the Packwood proposal, would grant larger exclusions to assets the longer they were held by individuals and companies..Newly acquired assets would get a bigger break than those currently held.	An extra exclusion would be given to long-held stock in small and medium-size corporations just starting up.	0
But the Americans are also to blame.	They long made little effort here.	1
The consortium faced a setback in May when technical problems forced it to postpone the September launch until next spring.	Continued uncertainty about the timing of the consortium's debut could make it hard to find a #450 million cash injection.	1
In the process, "Batibot," an archaic Filipino word meaning "strong" or "enduring," has become a powerful advocate of the use of the Filipino language.	It impresses on ordinary, young Filipinos that there's nothing to feel inferior about in using their own language.	1
STOCKS AND BONDS SURGED on the second anniversary of Black Monday.	The Dow Jones industrials closed up 39.55, at 2683.20.	0
At El Monte Travel Center in El Monte, Calif., customers now can get in only through a buzzer and lock system.	It's hard to deal with clients this way in a service business.	0
There seems to be a message from Moscow there's a deal on offer They want reassurance we won't try to undermine or destroy the Warsaw Pact. . . . In return, the U.K. and France could keep their nuclear weapons.	Once both sides feel comfortable, it should be that much easier to make more progress toward the economic and social reforms that are now starting in the East.	1
Westinghouse also is well positioned to sell steam turbine and gas turbine plants to independent power producers.	The company's ability to respond to energy needs world-wide will be enhanced through a recently announced venture with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries.	0
as a more realistic path to expediting compensation first authorized in 1988.	The only way to reduce the costs is to say we don't want to pay the bill.	1
Try combining a money fund and an intermediate-term bond fund as a low-risk bet on falling rates.	If rates unexpectedly rise, the increasing return on the money fund will partly offset the lower-than-expected return from the bond fund.	1
The wounds from the 1987 crash haven't yet healed, and not all claims against the exchange clearinghouse have been settled.	Companies and financial institutions familiar with Hong Kong remain wary of trading in its futures market.	0
It won't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick.	Steelmakers announced a round of base-price increases last year, but began offering sizable discounts over the summer.	1
Corporate bonds "are usually not a good bet in a recession.	As times get tougher, investors fret about whether companies will have enough money to pay their debts.	1
airlines should be doing more to catch the thieves by confiscating the tickets when they're used.	They have the most sophisticated computers in the world.	1
Business has never been this tough before.	Not only does your product have to be excellent, but you also have to be able to collect.	1
market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress.	On days when prices are tumbling, they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will.	0
But Mr. Roman flatly denied the speculation, saying Mr. Sorrell had tried several times to persuade him to stay, offering various incentives and in one instance sending a note with a case of wine (The wine, naturally, was Seagram's brand, an Ogilvy client).	He asked me not to resign.	0
but you have to.	If you don't, you can't do your job.	1
he doesn't blame Lilly.	Buyers have to rely on a supplier "continually upgrading and replacing the product.	1
that despite Digital's low prices, "we aren't about to unplug our IBM mainframes for a DEC machine.	The software conversion costs would dwarf any savings.	1
But 93% of tourists still come for gambling.	We can't lose sight of that.	1
Mourning for the father is overshadowed by the shame of burying him in a pauper's grave.	The family moves to another house at night to conceal shabby belongings from neighbors.	0
At its November meeting, it will try to revise its quotas to satisfy Persian Gulf members that can produce far more oil than their allotments.	Being held well below capacity greatly irritates them, and has led to widespread cheating.	1
fellow bikers show the same concern for the land that they demonstrated as hikers.	many are appalled that the conservation community would suddenly consider them the enemy.	1
These changes come a tad late for Princeton/Newport, the first RICOed securities firm.	It was forced into liquidation before trial when investors yanked their funds after the government demanded a huge pre-trial asset forfeiture.	1
Mr. Mayor's hope that references to "press freedom" would survive unamended seems doomed to failure.	the current phrasing is "educating the public and media to avoid manipulation.	1
and held a Washington seminar designed to train its leaders in political techniques, including how to put the anti-abortionists on the defensive in state legislatures.	We now see pro-choice legislators going on the offensive for the first time.	1
And those who didn't move some production overseas suffer labor shortages.	The intensive labor needed to manufacture furs {in the U.S.} is not as available as it was.	1
I can't think of any reason to join Lloyd's now.	The downside is very considerable, and at the moment the upside is very marginal.	1
One especially coveted Specialized market the new players are targeting is mountain-bike accessories.	Accessories not only sell faster than whole bikes, they also offer profit margins nearly double the 25% to 30% or so on sales of complete cycles.	1
It just makes healthy businesses subsidize unhealthy ones and gives each employer less incentive to keep his workers healthy.	the HIAA is working on a proposal to establish a privately funded reinsurance mechanism to help cover small groups that can't get insurance without excluding certain employees.	1
the case for working together is stronger now than ever.	The cost of competition has become extremely high.	1
the statement "means exactly what it says.	We have some level of financial interest" in the collection.	0
Investors also are anxious about today's "witching hour.	This phenomenon often makes stock prices swing wildly at the end of the trading session.	1
The intimate apparel industry is perceived to be a growth industry and clearly {Maidenform} is a force to be reckoned with.	Although working women are "forced to wear the uniform of the day, to retain their femininity they are buying better quality, more upscale intimate apparel.	1
Jonathan H. Kress, the son of the painting's former owner, Mrs. Rush Kress, dismisses the price talk as "sour grapes.	Dealers contemptuous of the purchase price were themselves interested in buying the Rubens but lost out.	1
there can be no assurance" that future growth will continue at past levels.	In the recent past, bond buyers didn't seek such assurance.	0
For the past seven years, investors have had the wind at their backs, in the form of a generally growing economy.	Some may have forgotten what it's like to invest during a recession.	1
But yesterday's rally among "good" junk was a badly needed tonic for the market.	Many issues "bounced off the floor and benchmark junk issues "recovered all of their losses" from Friday and early yesterday.	0
The per-share loss for the Paramus, N.J., food-services concern totaled seven cents, compared with earnings of 51 cents a share a year earlier.	Revenue rose 5% to $981.7 million from $934.7 million.	0
Helen Boehm has a way with names.	Like which are droppable and which are not.	0
Maine regulators' refusal to approve the contract earlier this year halted work on transmission lines and stopped negotiations for resale of electricity carried through Maine to other utilities.	It would now be physically impossible to begin deliveries in 1992.	1
The standard of living has increased steadily over the past 40 years.	more than 90% of the people consider themselves middle class.	0
Now, sterilized intervention may have some effect.	When traders see the Fed is in the exchange market it may make them tread a little carefully, for fear of what the central bank may do.	1
his side is "dead serious.	Although they don't contemplate delivering any disabling blows that Mr. Alexander will be asked to sign a release from liability, just in case.	1
the city has discussed several possible plans for displaying the mural, which portrays various scenes from the Great Depression.	the mural "preserves an era in Stamford and in our country when this type of work was being done.	1
Tuesday's notable losers were highpriced shares such as Pioneer, which shed 210 yen to 5,900 yen..Sony was down 130 to 8,590.	TDK fell 120 to 5,960, Fuji Photo Film declined 160 to 4,830, and Fanuc dropped 160 to 7,440.	0
The 142 institutional-type money funds rose $2.23 billion to $85.49 billion.	The 235 general-purpose funds increased $2.53 billion to $116.56 billion.	0
Strategy, however, is about possibilities, not hopes and dreams.	By ignoring costs, U.S. strategists abdicate their responsibility for hard decisions.	1
that over the next century Venice will sink nearly three times faster than the present rate because of the "greenhouse effect.	Global warming means higher tides which will lower Venice by another 23 inches in the next 100 years.	0
he thinks that next year the share prices of some companies may fall at most only 5% to 10%.	A company such as Federal Paper Board may be overly discounted and looks "tempting" to him.	1
The LDP must make a decision immediately.	Lower House elections must take place before June.	1
Those portfolios are remarkably diversified.	By spreading their wealth among several investment alternatives, the respondents have protected themselves against squalls in any one area, be it stocks, bonds or real estate.	1
I rode it out on the second floor of Leo's at 55th and Telegraph in Oakland.	I heard parts of the building above my head cracking.	0
The Winter Games outlook also is mixed.	CBS expects to make modest profits, but rivals contend that it will take a beating.	0
Martin Schrager, 51, who had been president, was named vice chairman.	He remains chief executive officer.	0
wage increases in manufacturing industries continue to be smaller than those in other industries.	For all six million workers under major collective bargaining agreements, regardless of when they were signed, wage increases in the first nine months of 1989 averaged 2.5% -- including cost-of-living adjustments.	0
We never care about Said or the "hypocrites" he hunts.	The Thief and the Dogs" is a pioneering work, the first stream-of-consciousness novel in Arabic, but it is likely to disappoint Western readers.	1
West Virginia, home of Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd, would receive $21.5 million -- four times the military's request.	Tennessee and North Carolina, home states of the two Democratic chairmen of the House and Senate military construction subcommittees, receive $243.2 million, or 25% above the Pentagon's request.	0
Visitors in his chambers say he could cite precisely the years, months, weeks and days remaining until mandatory retirement would force aside the presiding president judge, giving Judge O'Kicki the seniority required to take over as the county's top court administrator.	The judge, they say, was fiercely proud of his abilities and accomplishments.	0
At the peak of its power and influence a century ago, Lloyd's dominated the insurance world with a 50% stake.	It virtually dictated how ships were to be built and it monitored commerce through a unrivaled intelligence network in ports around the globe.	0
the junk market was in disarray, according to people familiar with the discussion.	Drexel -- the leading underwriter of high-risk junk bonds -- could no longer afford to sell any junk offerings if they might later become troubled because Drexel risked losing its highly lucrative junk franchise.	0
By contrast, traditional buy-and-hold investors are unlikely to generate sudden price moves.	that for those who invest on fundamentals, "the value of a stock from day to day doesn't change all that much.	1
He has good control.	He will keep the ball down, move it around.	1
Pinpoint Information Corp relies on 12 human readers to code news releases by topic in order to select items for each subscriber.	The computers find all the key words they can, but the editors confirm every one.	0
He told the woman's lawyer, Victor Blaine, that the short skirt was inappropriate for a court appearance.	Despite Mr. Blaine's protests, the judge rescheduled her case for Nov. 27.	0
Some entrepreneurs are still active, though.	Gerry Ritterman, president of New York-based Network Publishing Corp., earlier this year sold his Soap Opera Digest magazine to Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.	0
Kodak will be ordered to pay $1 billion to $1.5 billion for infringing on seven Polaroid patents.	That may be the largest patent award ever, but it is well below the $12 billion Polaroid seeks.	0
Despite the informal nature of the session and the calculated effort to hold down expectations, the meeting could pay significant political dividends for both leaders.	Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home.	1
When they are buying back stock at 10 times earnings, they are suggesting that the rate of return on competing internal projects is below" returns on the stock.	IBM says it considers its shares a good investment.	0
Yesterday, Quebecor Inc., a Montreal printing, publishing and forest-products company 53%-owned by Mr. Peladeau, agreed to acquire Maxwell Communication Corp. 's U.S. printing subsidiary, Maxwell Graphics Inc., for $500 million in cash and securities.	The purchase will make Quebecor the second-largest commercial printer in North America, behind only R.R. Donnelley & Sons Co., Chicago.	1
but here in Figure 2 is where I've chosen to build for the future: personal space; automotive pursuits; children's toys; gardening equipment, bulbs and shrubs; and finally, entertainment, perhaps the best investment of all.	All have paid off for me in double-digit annual growth and continue to provide significant potential.	0
It's a good company, and growing.	there's nothing that would warrant that it be sold.	1
Earlier this month, Convex made a bid to outflank other supercomputer competitors like Digital Equipment Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. by adopting an open set of standards and introducing new hardware and software to link different systems.	The new products allow customers to add Convex machines to established systems made by other manufacturers.	0
Now, stock prices seem to be in a general retreat.	Since peaking at 2791.41 on Oct. 9, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has lost 194.69 points, or 7%, closing Friday at 2596.72, down 17.01.	0
the broker took them out for lunch frequently.	He urged them to refer their friends, who also lost money.	0
The glib emotional style Mr. Goldberg has perfected on television's "Family Ties" doesn't benefit from magnification.	His characters practically scamper through a vast range of human emotions, like travelers doing 10 cities in eight days.	0
to attract broader support.	It will feature a cost-containment provision designed to keep expanded benefits from fueling higher care prices.	0
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts' estimates.	The companies are followed by at least three analysts, and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share.	0
New York Stock Exchange volume was 237,960,000 shares.	Declining issues swamped advancers, 1,222 to 382.	0
It isn't the Americans who must be criticized for not understanding the Japanese culture, but the Japanese who insist on forcing their culture on Americans.	The Japanese want us to accept their culture, but they refuse to accept the American culture.	1
To try to combat the traffic slowdown, airlines started reducing fares.	average fares rose only 1.7% in August, in contrast to increases of 16% each in February and March.	1
the law isn't clear on how such an arbitration ruling can affect a company's case.	Like any other creditor, the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim.	1
Not only is the typical Glasswork open-ended, it is also often multiple in its context(s.	Mad Rush" began its life as the accompaniment to the Dalai Lama's first public address in the U.S., when Mr. Glass played it on the organ at New York's Cathedral of St. John the Divine..Later it was performed on Radio Bremen in Germany, and then Lucinda Childs took it for one of her dance pieces.	0
I approached "Mastergate," Larry Gelbart's new comedy at the Criterion Center, with considerable trepidation.	Nothing, I assumed, would be more hopelessly dated than a political satire on the Iran-Contra affair.	1
it has a policy against selling products if a salesperson suspects they will be used illegally.	Everything sold at Radio Shack has a legal purpose.	1
For the nine months, the latest loss trimmed net income to $3.6 million, which after payment of preferred dividends represented a 31-cent loss a common share.	The year-before loss was $8.4 million, or $1.36 a common share.	0
fading expectation for lower interest rates made investors step back from real-estate shares.	institutions were waiting to see the U.S. jobless rate to be issued Friday.	0
The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of RICOed defendants and their investors, clients, bankers and others.	This follows earlier new guidelines from the Tax Division prohibiting Princeton/Newport-like tax cases from masquerading as RICO cases.	0
Mr. Bush would be acting in the public interest if he let the Washington elites who manipulate these budgets -- the bureaucrats, the lobbyists, the congressional staffers -- live for just one year on a restricted diet.	thin is in.	1
Mr. Paul "was known to spend a lot of money.	People were interested in seeing him.	1
In the third quarter, for example, junk bonds -- those with less than an investment-grade rating -- showed negative returns, the only major sector of the bond market to do so.	Since the end of last year, junk bonds have been outperformed by all categories of investment-grade bonds, including ultra-safe Treasury securities.	0
The number of makes has mushroomed because the U.S. is the world's biggest and richest market for automobiles.	virtually every auto maker wants to sell here.	1
West Germany is contributing to imbalances in the world economy because of its success as an exporter.	The solution is stronger domestic growth {in Germany}.	1
With a jazz-piano tape playing softly in the background, the soothing hands of Sabina Vidunas begin to work on Ms. Foster's neck and shoulders.	It's like an oasis in this room.	0
The Delicious hegemony won't end anytime soon.	New apple trees grow slowly, and the Red Delicious is almost as entrenched as mom.	1
They'd actually left the Soviet Union with $480, but during a stop in Italy Ms. Volokh dropped $80 on a black velvet suit.	Not surprisingly, she quickly adapted to the American way.	1
Strict new regulations seem certain to pass the state House in Pennsylvania next week.	Legislation to require the consent of parents before their daughters under the age of 18 can have abortions will probably pass both houses of the Michigan legislature.	0
James Cleveland, a courier who earned a Bravo Zulu for figuring out how to get a major customer's 1,100-parcel-a-week load to its doorstep by 8 a.m., considers himself far more than a courier.	We don't just hand the customer the package.	1
The executive order and the reported agreements with the Intelligence Committee are neither sensible nor moral.	As it now stands, the U.S. can bomb Tripoli, but can't "assassinate" Colonel Gadhafi.	1
Dictaphone went ahead and introduced the pico in 1985, but it hasn't sold well.	To date it has "broken even or shown a small loss.	0
But cosmetics firms still have one big marketing edge.	They motivate sales people with commissions.	0
in which they misrepresented cheap copies of Dali artwork as signed, limited-edition lithographs.	The posters were sold for $1,300 to $6,000, although the government says they had a value of only $53 to $200 apiece.	1
it is delaying approval of First Union Corp. 's proposed $849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks pending the outcome of an examination into First Union's lending practices in low-income heighborhoods.	Florida National said yesterday that it remains committed to the merger.	0
Bonn and Washington have taken a leading role in aid for the reformist countries, pledging billions of dollars in fresh credit and forgiving old debt while urging other industrial nations to follow suit.	Both hope to encourage pressure for change in East bloc countries still ruled by Stalinist holdouts by arranging liberal financial aid and trade benefits for Poland, Hungary and, to a lesser extent, the Soviet Union.	1
Make your due-process system visible.	It won't do any good for anybody unless employees know about it.	1
Now, Philip Morris {Kraft General Foods' parent company} is committed to the coffee business and to increased advertising for Maxwell House.	Even though brand loyalty is rather strong for coffee, we need advertising to maintain and strengthen it.	1
The future of the forest remains uncertain.	Mr. Muniak's company, Balag Ltd., has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it, but discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained.	1
while operating margins rose to 16.1% from 15.9% the previous quarter and 12.6% a year ago.	the company sees further improvements in operating margins.	0
Besides, Daikin's major competitors, Hitachi Ltd. and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd., "are all adding production lines.	Until now, we were trying to increase productivity with the facilities we already had..But we can't produce enough anymore.	0
Longer term, the impact is unclear.	The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms.	1
while paper operations were dogged by higher costs, soft newsprint exports and a strong Japanese yen.	Some competing forest-products firms have recently reported improved results due to strong pulp and paper business.	0
While the book amply justifies its subtitle, the title itself is dubious.	What shook America was not a battle for justice but for naked power.	1
but figures she'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch.	It's an overwhelming job.	0
Service Corp. International said it expects to report net income of 15 cents a share for the third quarter.	The company said it expects to release third-quarter results in mid-November.	0
